Andhachandamu, Sumakarandamu, Chindurandhaga, Kundaradhanu, Mandahasamu, Indivaradru, Gatmamandira, Indirapati, Indindiramu, Matimati, Nurtuochanu, Madhurasi Pati, Matalanyu, Patalanyu, Atalanyu.. Pithambaram, Thadukumulugaga, Vasudevuni, Nadakasadasulu, Toyajatsuni, Phatunashimala, Tuluchundaga, Toyajatsuni, Sandhipulkulu, Vishwaroopamu, Pradarshinchi, Narayanuni, Attahasamu, Matimati, Murtuochanu, Madhurasi Pati, Matalanyu, Indirapati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi P. confirmed.. I remember the words of Madhurasipati.. I remember the words, I remember the songs, I remember the games.. Fifteen.. Fifteen. Bhakti Ganga to page number fifteen.. I remember the words, I remember the songs, I remember the games.. Swapna varna thaga thaga yudhi nutanam varave bravam. Venkateshvara māśraye mama kinkaresya dvīvaīkani. Chitra pūśpa sarolata tula sīdhalātmakamālikam. Vajramotrika dhāma sambhūta chitra chitra vibhūsanam. Shona padma viśe shahāra paḍiṣkūr dhāma lakandharam. Venkateshvara māśraye mama kinkaresya dvīvaīkani. Shūta palla va komalādhara nastita smita sundaram. Chanda nāntasa bulla satyabu kānta kānti vilacchana. Bulla satya lakuspa sambhita charu hāsa mano charu nāsa mano haram. Venkateshvara māśraye mama kinkaresya dvīvaīkani. Dhautadīdhi dhimīna yugma kalāla satta lalocanam. Kāma cāpa yuga bhurōrati sundara kūrdi bhāsuram. Pāma pāni bilola sūrabha varsikoma labāriyam. Venkateshvara māśraye mama kinkaresya dvīvaīkani. Datshinādi guṇālayam śubha sarva satguna sāgairam. Pāpaku pa ni madna jīva samuddharam dharani dhava. Angulīyaka bhajra dīrthiti pa nīnābhaya dhāyaka. Venkateshvara māśraye mama kinkaresya dvīvaīkani. Pujjvalaṅga sudhara śyana abhidha chakra-kandhidha rādhrasam. Sarva-mangala deva-tārama yāla satt-guru-vādhrasam. Śaṅkhā-cakra-gadāshi-śaṅkhā-samākṣya-pañca-samāyudham. Venkateshvara māśraye mama kinkaresya dvīvaīkani. Yapaṭhelila-vaddhūdham sthava mūttamottamāgama. Sarva-kasta-vinūktimete sakruta-sukham labhate narah. Kṣetrasāgara-śāyina parava-apruyat-parapūrusham. Venkateshvara māśraye mama kinkaresya dvīvaīkani. Venkateshvara Venkateshvara Venkateshvara pāhi mām. Venkateshvara Venkateshvara Venkateshvara raksamām. Vandaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Vandaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Vandaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Vandaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Panti dāsura vṛtti vakram. Patsitāmara lokaśakram. Patsitāmara lokaśakram. Aprameyam. Pantaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Pantaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Kārtha-vīrya mahā-vataaraṁ. Chora-dandana loka-chāraṁ. Bhārayāhurda bhūmibhāraṁ. Vijju-dujjada vallihāraṁ. Vandaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Madhavaṅgulina-abhisāraṁ. Dattabhatta-vipartipāraṁ. Aṣṭa-siddhi-vahattvāraṁ. Vandaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Panti dāsura vṛtti vakram. Kālakaalakarālaśūlaṁ kāmita-ardhankalpa-yenaḥ. Pralayakaalabhayāna-kograṁ. Vijjudhagra-vivarshanagraṁ. Kālakaalakarālaśūlaṁ kāmita-ardhankalpa-yenaḥ. Rātsasādhava-bhasma-sesham Rāvanastha-vavatra-ghaśam. Trivijakarma-phala-gravesham. Kālakaalakarālaśūlaṁ kāmita-ardhankalpa-yenaḥ. Dattaseva-kashatrūnāśam khandi-dātma-pradipalāśam. Pātidāntaka-jagadadheśam dhūta-bhīkara-kālapāśam. Kālakaalakarālaśūlaṁ kāmita-ardhankalpa-yenaḥ. Vijjudhagra-vijjala-dhūjālaṁ kauravānaṁ maraṇalōlaṁ. Pārtha-dushyam-garala-vīlaṁ yāsa-bhōdhādvī-dhalīlaṁ. Kālakaalakarālaśūlaṁ kāmita-ardhankalpa-yenaḥ. Kālabhairava-kāla-dhannau kāmpadarjita-brahmāṇam. Dattaseva-karacchanādham prādhayāmū-bhadhadhadeśam. Dattaseva-karacchanādham prādhayāmū-bhadhadhadeśam. Dattabhaktabhirotimāraṁ nāmaśoṣira-daicyaśūraṁ. Ayudhānāme ka-vīraṁ bhastatrya-gara-hankāraṁ. Kālabhairava-kāla-dhannau kāmpadarjita-brahmāṇam. Dattaseva-karacchanādham prādhayāmū-bhadhadhadeśam. Lokabhānda-vibheda-dhatsam dūsta-śiṣchana-śiṣṭa-patsam. Śrūṣṭi-cakra-pāribhātsam sarva-rācchasa-jāterūtsam. Kālabhairava-kāla-dhannau kāmpadarjita-brahmāṇam. Dattaseva-karacchanādham prādhayāmū-bhadhadhadeśam. Vedapūrusha-pāṇinīdham dattadeva-katatsa-pūtam. Jīvakarma-vipāka-pātam garvitāsura-hūraya-khātam. Kālabhairava-kāla-dhannau kāmpadarjita-brahmāṇam. Dattaseva-karacchanādham prādhayāmū-bhadhadhadeśam. Bhaja-bhaja-bhācchara-kula-sañjātam. Rāvamśārga-dhanur-dharametaṁ. Bhaja-bhaja-bhācchara-kula-sañjātam. Rāvamśārga-dhanur-dharametaṁ. Niskāma-bharti-tapasātri-dham. Jñāna-vipa-cchana-tejasya-tam. Dharm-bhāsāpana-noka-vibhāsam. Sākṣāt-bhārāyaṇa-māyātam. Bhaja-bhaja-bhācchara-kula-sañjātam. Rāvamśārga-dhanur-dharametaṁ. Pāmi-tili-sukavi-kavitā-vīdam. Svāraśya-kathā-ganga-pūtam. Anumadbhuja-pīthāsa-dhanītam. Kebhaga-sāyaka-daśa-mukha-pātam. Bhaja-bhaja-bhācchara-kula-sañjātam. Rāvamśārga-dhanur-dharametaṁ. Pada-bhiṣekas-sūt-pāve-dham. āmantāśana-sītā-pṛdham. Svāraśya-kathā-bhāyaka-kūjala-pātam. Svāraśya-kathā-sūt-pāve-dham. Bhaja-bhaja-bhācchara-kula-sañjātam. Rāvamśārga-dhanur-dharametaṁ. Bhaja-bhaja-bhācchara-kula-sañjātam. Rāvamśārga-dhanur-dharametaṁ. Rāvamśārga-dhanur-dharametaṁ. Śaṅkarāyate dhoka-śaṅkarāyate. Vandana nime deva-vāsudevasya. ālal-loka-śaṅkarāyate. Vandana nime deva-vāsudevasya. ālal-lokanam tavahimme sudhanshanam. śūla-vevathe tilaka-mūrtha-pūndrakam. tilaka-mūrtha-pūndrakam. nīlakaṅtha te bhāti-kaṅtha nīlima. viṣṭarāṁ ho mamahideha nīlima. śaṅkarāyate dhoka-śaṅkarāyate. Vandana nime deva-vāsudevasya. ālal-loka-śaṅkarāyate. dhoka-śaṅkarāyate. ālal-loka-śaṅkarāyate. ālal-loka-śaṅkarāyate. ālal-loka-śaṅkarāyate. ālal-loka-śaṅkarāyate. nātana-pandita-sphurate-ranyakāṇḍa-laṁ. cikra-vāṇḍa-laṁ brahmana-lola-kūṇḍa-laṁ. pūrata-manda-nāthalika-dharmadhaṇḍa-laṁ. anujaka-vandana-mijita-bhārati-bhandana-m. ālal-loka-śaṅkarāyate. vandana-ni-mī-deevavāsudevasya. nimi-deevavāsudevasya. nimi-deevavāsudevasya. govinda-govinda. govinda-govinda. nāma-mē-chālu-annapāda-dulela-samsārambela. yadu-kondala-nekkī-cīcī-yunti-ni. yadu-loka-la-adha-gādē-vādū. brahmārśu-lainati-pūrśu-lē-mōhinchi-kauvalī-ntalavādi-muddhāda-māṁsārē. nāma-mē-chālu-annapāda-dulela-samsārambela. akandula-karna-sviśāla-mūli-sūla. meri-sēti-mīna-mūla-prapīmba-jēsī-ri. khanu-reppala-dambra-padma-mūla-mūri-pīmsu. padma-lo-cannu-danna-nījamu-gāvādi-ni. ānā-mā-mūle-sārā-pīla-mūcchāla-ābuddhu-pada-vula-mūsumbhī-sapīcchikī. tīyā-māmūdi-lēta-chīgū-lēta-dupīcī. ābhūdhara-rūnā-lūpura-kanda-vedvekī-pannīra-pūśpāra-pālipūra-nūcī-nījūsū. govinda-govinda-nāma-mē-chālu-annapāda-mūle-sārā-pīla-mūcchāla-pālūrśa-sanna-nāvula-vīlū. hibabindu-vula-cimni-surya-mūsibhula-bhūl. āndāla-mēkī-nadi-mūcchāla-nadi-mūkbhu-sampenga-tala-vanchē-bhūmū-kūnubinche. govinda-govinda-nāma-mēchāla-annapāda-mūle-sārā-pīla-pālūrśa-sanna-nāvula-vīlū. ādhārū-vādhūrū-anavinda-chara-nāl-sivishāra-vatsanū-nabhijayanti-mā. śaṅkhā-cātra-mūlapa-vara-nābhaya-karāla-vāsude-kūde-vādhu-sīveka-teśvārū. govinda-govinda-nāma-mēchāla-annapāda-mūle-sārā-pīla-sārāpīla-nāvula-vāsude-kūde-vādhu-sīveka-teśvārū. govinda-govinda-nāma-mēchāla-annapāda-mūle-sārāpīla-nāvula-vāsude-kūde-vāsude-kūde-vādhu-sīveka-teśvārū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-bhārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-mūdha-kappi-nūchī-vēchāra-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-bhārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vēchāra-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vēchāra-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. Vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. munca munca kriṣṇam vancakaṁ tamekam. munca munca kriṣṇam vancakaṁ tamekam. munca munca kriṣṇam vancakaṁ tamekam. munca munca kriṣṇam vancakaṁ tamekam. let me see. dātā tereyaṁ kāyā vihīyam. kāśi śnālaṁ kāma vikāraṁ. vērādhayaṁ veśyāvaśyam. brahma-dhyānaṁ marīrā-gōlaṁ. munca munca kriṣṇam vancakaṁ tamekam. munca munca kriṣṇam. brahma-dhyānaṁ gopījāraṁ mohādhītaṁ rādhā-moham. dharmādhāraṁ paradhichoram. yajacchikasīvam vāsakriyam. munca munca kriṣṇam vancakaṁ tamekam. munca munca kriṣṇam vancakaṁ tamekam. dhigham varākhyam pītad-kūlaṁ. lakṣinādham bhikṣu-gavṛttiṁ. vērādhayaṁ veśyāvaśyam. brahma-dhyānaṁ varākhyam. vērādhayaṁ vārākṣinādham. vērādhayaṁ vārākṣinādham. brahma-dhyānaṁ vārākṣinādham. brahma-dhyānaṁ vārākṣinādham. brahma-dhyānaṁ vārākṣinādham. dhattā bhagavāṁ vidhidhattā. hṛdhattā hṛdhattā rakṣamāṁ. tri-mukhāni śatpāni kamalāni viprāṇā. tri-mukhāni śatpāni kamalāni viprāṇā. śritiśāra me yai sama-vṛttā. bhagavadmā. śritiśāra me yai sama-vṛttā. bhagavadmā. shri dattā prabhudatta pāhiṁā. vidhidhattā hṛdhattā rakṣamāṁ. shri dattā prabhudatta pāhiṁā. vidhidhattā hṛdhattā rakṣamāṁ. vārūvāṇvāṇiṣa. lakśmiṣa gauriṣa. Veda prabhana pravratipa pravacanarta.. Veda prabhana pravratipa pravacanarta.. Veda prabhana pravratipa pravacanarta.. Veda prabhana pravratipa pravacanarta.. Veda prabhana pravratipa pravacanarta.. Veda prabhana pravratipa pravacanarta.. Veda prabhana pravratipa pravacanarta.. Gurudatta sri datta brahudatta pahimam.. Vidhi datta hari datta raddatta rasamam.. Gurudatta sri datta brahudatta pahimam.. Vidhi datta hari datta raddatta rasamam.. Mandala saurandha risyanda madhurbhrinda.. Mandala saurandha risyanda madhurbhrinda.. Kandarpasar soha saurandha vyavanandana.. Kandarpasar soha saurandha vyavanandana.. Kandarpasar soha saurandha vyavanandana.. Gurudatta sri datta brahudatta pahimam.. Vidhi datta hari datta raddatta rasamam.. Gurudatta sri datta brahudatta pahimam.. Vidhi datta hari datta raddatta rasamam.. Sri datta ganapadim bhaje.. Sri datta ganapadim bhaje.. Sri datta ganapadim bhaje.. Sri datta ganapadim bhaje.. On mathan dana tana mn.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Ananda ganapadim bhaje.. Ananda ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. These three are present in human incarnation also.. Human body, every human body contains energy,. inert energy, inert matter and non-inert awareness.. So these three means the human incarnation, Sadguru.. So that is the pratika, represented model for the Sadguru.. So when it becomes instavarnasam, again fresh pratika is born.. So when it becomes instavarnasam, again fresh pratika is born.. Because the Egya Veda becomes dirty after some time.. So new Egya Veda is to be put.. The Sadguru after preaching the disciples after some time, he will become dirty.. Because of the dirt of the disciples, he will become dirty.. So the Sadguru must be changed.. He must be changed because of our dirt, he will become dirty.. Otherwise he is pure.. This happened to the temples.. This happened to deities of temples.. Deities of temples have become.... due to the aspiration of the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. The. Prasada. Where are you?. Vical. All of you seen the main group of English, I am posting it.. Nandgajatathara Gauri Sampara Girija Manoramana. Jayamruchinjaya Deva Maheshwara Mangala Subhacharna. Nandivahana Narahushana Nirupama Gunasadana. Naranamano Harat Neerakantahara Neerajagalana Yana. Chitta Chora Yashoda Kebhaar. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Chitta Chora Yashoda Kebhaar. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Govardhan Dhar Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Govardhan Dhar Gopal. Chitta Chora Yashoda Kebhaar. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Chitta Chora Yashoda Kebhaar. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Govardhan Dhar Gopal. Chitta Chora Yashoda Kebhaar. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Chitta Chora Yashoda Kebhaar. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Chitta Chora Yashoda Kebhaar. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Gopan Dhar Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Hey Radhaaraman Lola. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Hey Nanda Gopala Bhagaya. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Hey Radhaaraman Lola. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Chanda ji singing. Swami, you were singing like Baba was singing. Swami, your voice is now.... Swami, if you sing, Baba will come and sing again. Same voice, same voice. Very very good, Swami. Both the songs are very good. Swami, please sing more songs, he used to sing this song daily. Madhura Madhura Murali Ganesha Ma. Madhura Deepati Radhesha Ma. Madhura Madhura Murali Ganesha Ma. Madhura Deepati Radhesha Ma. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Madhura Deepati Radhesha Ma. You sing it?. Madhura Madhura Murali Ganesha Ma. Madhura Deepati Radhesha Ma. Madhura way. Madhura Madhura. Madhura face. Madhura face. Madhura Madhura. Madhura France. Madhura exploded. Madhura Adhipatira Keelam Madhuram. Gopam Madhurana Gopo Madhuram. Yajtir Madhurachir Yajtir Madhuram. Kali Tam Madhuram Kali Tam Madhuram. Madhura Adhipatira Keelam Madhuram. Acharam Madhuram Madhuram Madhuram. Nayam Madhuram Dhasitam Madhuram. Hridayam Madhuram Tamanam Madhuram. Madhura Adhipatira Keelam Madhuram. Madhura Adhipatira Keelam Madhuram. Jayaradhamadhamadham. Jayaradhamadhamadham. Jayaradhamadhamadham. Jayaradhamadhamadham. Govinda Krishna Jay Govinda Krishna Jay. Krishna Jay Krishna Jay Krishna Jay. Krishna Jay Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna Jay. Govinda Krishna Jay Govinda Krishna Jay. Krishna Jay Govinda Krishna Jay Govinda Krishna Jay. Krishna Jay Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna. Krishna Jay Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna. Krishna Jay Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna. Krishna Jay Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna. Krishna Jay Ravi Krishnaa. Krishna Krsna baba r Above. Rama Krishna a Blulk. Krishna J T. Krishna. J. Sri Krishna Govinda Hare Murali, Enad Narad, Vipassudeva.. Sri Krishna Govinda Hare Murali, Enad Narad, Vipassudeva.. Tighmatri Pani Sarva Hamare, Tighmatri Pani Sarva Hamare.. Enad Narad, Vipassudeva, Sri Krishna Govinda Hare Murali, Enad Narad, Vipassudeva.. Vande Griha Jee Suvavataare, Kahin Janme Sahin Pane Murali.. Kishke Ke Rai, Kishke Ke Rai, Hai Adubhut Hai Vaat Vehaali.. Jogar Nidhan, Bhavna Ke Rai, Jogar Nidhan, Bhavna Ke Rai.. Enad Narad, Vipassudeva, Sri Krishna Govinda Hare Murali, Enad Narad, Vipassudeva.. Adhan Viganti, Praday Me Raate, Bhate Gaye Dono Me Raate.. Enad Narad, Vipassudeva, Sri Krishna Govinda Hare Murali, Enad Narad, Vipassudeva.. Pani Gaye, Pani Gaye, Pani Gaye, Janme Gaya Pukhari.. Enad Narad, Vipassudeva, Sri Krishna Govinda Hare Murali, Enad Narad, Vipassudeva.. Madhura Thibade, Raghirama Tharama.. Everything is sweet.. He has a sugar problem.. That is why Vidura gave him the outer skin of the banana fruit and threw the fruit.. Because fruit contains sugar.. In that outer leather, it contains vitamins and minerals.. And he, you know, after coming to Vidura's house, straightly he went to war.. In war, when arrows come, especially in Bhishma, through lot of arrows are Krishna.. Krishna was injured by it.. So if he is sugar, since he has sugar, bleeding will not stop.. If sugar is there, bleeding will not stop.. That is why thinking all this in future, very near future, Vidura gave him the banana leather. and threw the fruit.. Because sugar will increase, then in the war arrow will come, then bleeding will not stop.. So he threw the fruit out and gave the leather of the banana fruit.. Because everything is sweet.. So I have, from the Krishna avatar, I have also imbibed one quality, that is sugar.. In that one quality, I am similar to Krishna.. That is wonderful, right?. Yes.. Go pick up. Go pick up. Go pick up. Go pick up. Go pick up. Go pick up. Audio is not there.. Audio. I stood there. I wetted. I wetted. I wetted. I wetted. I wetted. I wetted. I wetted. She told, I have seen this for 40 days.. I want to get a job for my son.. That is why I said.. I told her, even though you have a desire, your devotion is in your desire,. but you are singing, move my heart.. My heart is blighted.. I wept.. I told her, definitely Krishna will bless you.. Next day, again and again I gave.. No bhajan.. Then I went inside and laughed.. I went inside and laughed.. I went inside and laughed.. I went inside and laughed.. Krishna really blessed.. Krishna really blessed.. Krishna really blessed.. Krishna really blessed.. Because he was moved.. Because he was moved by the desire.. I told her, even though your devotion is with a desire,. but Krishna is moved with your song,. he has came for the lines.. That is why he will be blessed.. Maybe there, maybe there.. But in that case, it is very easy.. That is bhajan.. Jnana dana Radha Jeevana. Jnana dana Radha Jeevana. Gopalana Gopi Ranjana. Gopalana Gopi Ranjana. He maa dana heya dana dana. He maa dana heya dana dana. He maa dana heya dana dana. He maa dana heya dana dana. He maa dana heya dana dana. He maa dana heya dana dana. Thank you.. The song ended with an appointment.. Yes.. Did I?. Yes, an appointment.. Thank you.. It is like,. there is a story.. A big scholar went to a king.. The king was very much pleased. with his scholarly knowledge.. With his scholarlyness and all that.. Poetry and scholarlyness.. He was very much pleased.. The king asked,. what do you want?. I want to give a gift.. The scholar told,. today morning,. my towel for taking bath,. that rat spoiled that towel.. I want one towel.. The king wanted to give. golden necklace, diamond,. golden ornaments,. diamonds.. Lot of wealth he wanted to give.. He was so much impressed.. And the scholar asked,. one towel.. It is a problem for taking bath.. That rat has spoiled that towel.. It is a problem for taking bath.. That rat has spoiled that towel.. It is a problem for taking bath.. That rat has spoiled that towel.. I am asking the third day,. Bhojanandeshya Rajendra.. I tell a story also. in this context.. I think you all know.. One son came. and started to study.. He was a very educated.. He studied a lot.. started pressing the feet of the father. He wanted 1000 rupees from the father for some. luxury, some enjoyment, pity enjoyment, like cinema or something, something like that.. For one hour he continuously pressed. The father was so much pleased, oh he is pressing. my feet with love, pure love, aspirationless love, with true love on me, he is pressing. the feet. Then he thought, the father thought, tomorrow I shall call the advocate. He is. the owner of property of several crores. All my property I shall write a will with the. help of that advocate. All my property I shall give that property to the son. Tomorrow I. shall call the advocate. That he was thinking. Then the son told, father, if you are pleased. with my service, I want 1000 rupees. For what purpose he asked? For some, going some pleasure.. He told, the pleasures are not good for health. So I am not giving that 1000 rupees. That. And also this will also, he lost the idea. He is not prepared to write the will. How. that desire spoils the entire thing, just like a drop of poison spoils the milk of the. whole big pot of milk. Poison drop mixed with the milk, the whole milk has become poison.. You cannot separate the milk from poison. It is mere milk. Same milk, mere milk, if. it is mixed with sugar, it will be far far better. So mere milk is better than poisoned. milk and sugar milk is better than mere milk. Is it not? So worldly desire mixed with devotion. is like poisoned milk. Simply desire is like mere milk. But desire mixed with, for God,. that is sugar milk. Sugar milk is better than milk and milk is better than poisoned milk.. I gave that simile in the morning answer. The karma, abhyasa and karma and jnana sahitha. karma. The abhyasa means the practice or action mixed with ignorance. You are blindly. doing a practice. You don't have knowledge of that practice. You don't have the aim of. that practice. That aim of the practice is only to have some pleasures, worldly pleasures.. That is doing ignorance. Doing ignorance to go to heaven. There also you are doing that. ignorance not properly. Everything is twisted, everything is misinterpreted way. You are. doing that ignorance. Burning the ghee in the fire. So that is abhyasa. Abhyasa means. jnana sahitha karma. Practice action mixed with ignorance. Then mere karma is better. than that abhyasa. And jnana sahitha karma, the action mixed with knowledge is better. than mere karma. Jnatva kurvita karma. Sugar milk, like sugar milk.. What is the example for ignorance mixed action and pure action?. Ignorance mixed action. See, yajna is to be done. Yajna means cooking food with ghee,. and worshipping the Sadguru and other devotees. Giving this ghee fried food to sacrifice this. ghee fried food in the hunger fire, Vaishvanaragi of the Sadguru. That is jnana sahitha karma,. just mixed with sugar. So here poisoned milk is doing the same ignorance in a spoiled way,. in a misinterpreted way. Fire means hunger fire in the actual jnana sahitha karma. But. here they take physical fire as the agni. And they take the ghee fried food. Ghee fried. food is called as ghee. Doctor says, don't take much oil. Means oily food, avoid oily food. I don't drink oil.. Oil means oily food. So here they took oil, the ghee as ghee. Ghee is not ghee. Ghee is ghee fried food.. The possessor of an item is called by the name of the item. Suppose a seller of apples is going,. oh apples come. You are calling apples. Apples means seller of apples is called by the name of. the item, possessor by the, possessor. Possessor is called by the name of the possessor item.. That is lakshanartha. That is called as lakshanartha. So here they have taken the physical fire is used. to cook the food. And after cooking the food, that food is to be burnt in the hunger fire. of the hungry people, hungry guests. They have taken hunger fire, the possessor of the hunger fire. is also called as hunger fire. In Vedas it is when, who is that?. When Naciketa goes to Yama's house, for three days he was not supplied with food. He fasted for three days.. Madhguruhay, he has fasted for the last three nights. That is what Yama says to Naciketa.. Then Naciketa is told, Vaishvanara Pravesh, Brahmano gruham. This Naciketa is the Vaishvanara fire.. Possessor of Vaishvanara fire is called by the name of Vaishvanara fire.. Possessor of apples is called as apples. Possessor of Vaishvanara fire is also called as Vaishvanara fire.. That is fire. So you must supply ghee to the fire. That is the sentence. Here in the literal sense,. you must supply the ghee to the physical fire. That is the vachyatha, literal sense.. But implied sense is, ghee means food possessed, possessing ghee is called as ghee.. Possessor of apples is called as apples. Similarly, fire means possessing the hunger fire is called as fire.. It is not physical fire. It is hunger fire. Here it is not ghee. It is food possessed with the ghee.. So you supply the food possessed with the ghee to a hungry person, hungry guest, to that fire.. He is having a hunger fire. So he is fire. So these people, what they thought?. Instead of taking implied sense, they have taken the literal sense.. He means fire. Fire means that fire. Put the ghee in that fire. Burn it.. That is called as abhyasa. Abhyasa means tradition. My father did like that. My grandfather did like that.. My grand grandfather did like this. So let me do. That is called the abhyasa, blind tradition.. In which the action is mixed with ignorance.. Because the fire is understood as hungry person, nor ghee is understood as food possessing ghee.. That is ignorance only. Not knowing the implied sense is aJnaana only.. Lachchanartha, aJnaana, aJnaana. Not knowing the Lachchanartha implied sense is ignorance.. So the performance of yajna, sacrifice is with ignorance.. Then this misinterpretation is the positive.. Same yajna, that is same milk, mere karma. That is mere milk. When it is mixed with sugar,. the fire is taken as the person possessing hunger fire. The ghee is taken as the food possessing ghee.. And it is supplied to the fire. Fire means hunger fire. Hunger fire means the possession of the hunger fire.. Here the Rukyada mantra says that the fire is burning the food and is also supplying the food.. Agrim hotaram. Two words he has given. Agri. Agri means fire. Receiving the food, receiving the ghee.. That is ghee food. And he is also the same Agri. He is supplying the food, this ghee. How it can supply it? It is inert.. Human being priest is supplying the ghee to the fire. But the fire is said to be the supplier of food also.. Not only Havaniyya, inert fire, but also the Hota, supplier of the ghee. How the inert fire can become?. Supplier as well as receiver. That applies when the hungry person is eating the food.. He is supplying the food, he is Hota, and that is burnt in the hunger fire. It is how many it is also receiver?. So the Yajna is milk, mere milk. With bad interpretation it is poisoned milk. With good interpretation it is sugar mixed milk.. Swami here mere milk means how to do that Yajna? Is it feeding people or is it pouring ghee?. Everything karma, action. Practice. Practical thing, action. Mere action.. Then this also, Abhyasa also mere action.. Abhyasa is not mere action. With twisted meaning, with wrong meaning it is interpreted.. The fire is taken as the physical fire, receiver. Ghee is taken as the, ghee fried food is taken as ghee.. And putting the ghee in the physical fire, burning the ghee in the physical fire is the poison.. This is misinterpreted meaning is the poison.. The same action, same sacrifice, mixed with misinterpreted poisonous interpretation is Abhyasa.. That is done by poor of Imam's class. And Shankara condemned that.. Shankara condemned the poisoned milk. So what they thought, Shankara condemned both milk and poison.. Shankara condemned only poison. But he condemned, he has to condemn the poisoned milk.. Because the poison is mixed with milk. Poison cannot be isolated from milk.. He did not condemn the milk. He condemned only the poison.. So he condemned AJnaana but he did not condemn Karma.. He did not condemn Karma.. If he has condemned Karma, why he appreciated the Kumarila Bhatta who is Jnaana Karma Samucheyavada,. that is the milk mixed with sugar is appreciated by Shankara.. That means he is not rejecting mere milk. He is rejecting only the poison.. But since poison cannot be isolated from that milk, that poisoned milk, he rejected.. This poisoned milk should be rejected. He is not against the milk. He is against the poison only.. Wonderful Sona.. Again there is poison milk. So Shankara has again come back.. That is what I mean. It is a simile.. Swami, have a doubt. My doubt is that you have done Yashwamedha Yagam in Ramayanam.. I did not understand. Now Krishna has come with Krishna and asked him to do Yashwamedha Yagam.. In Ramayanam there are many different shlokas.. That means inserted shlokas by others.. Many shlokas have been inserted.. In Smritu, in History, how to do that Yashwamedha Yagam.. They have inserted.. What they have done is, they have removed some shlokas and. they have done Yashwamedha Yagam.. So, they have done Yashwamedha Yagam.. This is not a sin.. Now, you have to get angry with the people who are against the religion of Hinduism.. They have to get angry with the people who are against the religion of Hinduism.. They have to spoil the religion of Hinduism.. They have inserted these shlokas to spoil it.. Yashwamedha means senses.. To make these senses pure is Yashwamedha.. What they do for that is, they make a dog with the flour and cut it with a knife.. The dog made with the flour is a representative model for the senses.. To control these senses, they have done a psychological model on the representative model.. To get the psychological inspiration, they use the knife to cut the dog.. The dog with the flour.. Not to cut the dog's throat.. To get the inspiration.. To control the senses.. This is not a sin.. This is not a sin.. This is not a sin.. This is not a sin.. This is not a sin.. This is not a sin.. This is not a sin.. This is not a sin.. This is not a sin.. This is not a sin.. This is not a sin.. This is not a sin.. This is not a sin.. This is not a sin.. When our minds think of food, lunch or dinner,. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, Swami.. Sapani, to know the ona trillion, he does a lot of modeling to a human. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. I'm a lunch.. that.. Yes Swami. Thank you Swami.. In Buddhism, Buddha taught us the knowledge of Vedic Dharma.. Yes, Buddha is the one who taught us.. Ramo Ramasya Budhasya Buddha Kalikirevaja. Ramo Ramasya Krishnasya Buddha Kalikirevaja. Buddha taught us the knowledge of Vedic Dharma.. Buddha taught us the knowledge of Vedic Dharma.. Is it the same as our Krishna taught us?. Where is the Buddha?. If you say that Hindu taught us the knowledge of Vedic Dharma,. then our Lord Krishna is the one who taught us.. All the other Gopas are devotees.. They are hungry.. They can't eat.. He practically showed us the knowledge.. To spoil the knowledge is like spoiling the Gopis.. He spoilt the knowledge too.. He gave a fight to the Gopis like he gave a victory to the Gopis.. He gave a fight to the Gopis by testing them with the knowledge of Vedic Dharma.. I said it as a joke.. They said it as a joke.. But he really did it.. He tested them with the knowledge of Vedic Dharma and gave them a fight.. He gave a fight to the people who gave the knowledge of Vedic Dharma.. So, the Buddha taught us the knowledge of Vedic Dharma.. Why did Buddha teach us the knowledge of Vedic Dharma?. We are not even talking about Hinduism.. Why did Buddha teach us the knowledge of Vedic Dharma?. Yes, Swami.. Thank you, Swami.. Thank you, Swami.. Okay.. Even the Gopis who were taught by Lord Krishna when they were young,. they were taken care of by the people.. Yes, but they have names like Lalitha, Swati, Vishaka.. Vishaka.. They were raised by Lord Krishna.. They were raised by Lord Krishna.. Yes, Krishna was raised by Lord Krishna.. He was also of age.. So, the language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. Did she do it?. Did she do it?. Yes.. Yes.. Two tests are All right. Yes.. 맹 Yes.. We It's called Govinda.. Govinda test.. And now we have gotten exam result.. Now we have got exam result.. Let's give a group test for each A.. What will be the average score for trump card,. Venus,. And it's a good result.. But the two tests are all right.. So are. How he touched others' lives.. Donation pariksha.. They actually fail.. See, everybody will raise objection when all the candidates fail in their test.. Then people with some questions must be tough or out of syllabus.. But he did not raise that failed test, objection to the failed test.. The test in which all pass, to that he is raising objection.. Pariksha.. Why he passed?. Passed, all passed.. First class.. First class, distinct class.. Not, 100 out of 100.. You got it right.. But he is asking why, why he has asked.. Because he is also a soul.. He knows the easiness of this test, difficulty of this.. Suppose he is asked to face the putreshana and dhanesha test.. He also failed.. That is why he kept silent.. Every soul will fail.. That is not the right answer.. This everybody will pass.. There he attacked.. So he wanted to be over smart.. Yes, over smart.. So that is the very pariksha question itself is meaningless.. He should have raised the failed test.. See, in this all failed.. Question paper must be tough.. Question paper must contain very difficult questions.. Or out of syllabus questions.. Like that he should raise the failed test.. But he raised the objection about the pass test.. In which every candidate got 100 out of 100.. He raised the subjection on that.. So his question itself is meaningless.. You gave a wonderful example of examiner and a doctor doing delivery.. Yes, yes.. He did it.. See, who ran for the examination?. The teacher did not run.. Examiner did not.. Students in the Amavatha or Incarnation Rama, they went and asked you to test that dhanesha.. They did not ask for dhanesha and putreshana.. Because they thought, that is very easy test.. Everybody will pass.. That is very difficult test.. But all failed in dhanesha and putreshana only.. These judges thought that is very difficult test.. You please test.. No, no, no, that is very easy test.. Everybody will pass.. Be born as a real good guy.. Then I will put all the three tests.. Final examination.. Final examination contains four syllabus.. Tangible examination.. Quarterly examination syllabus.. Half year examination syllabus.. Plus third term.. Total three strongest ones.. Yes, testing.. Correct.. So there he is the examiner.. He is not seeker of knowledge.. He is asking questions to you for the correct answers.. You are thinking that he does not know the answer.. And he is asking you.. He wants to learn from you.. As examiner, he is concentrating only on the examination.. Examination system.. Pass or fail.. Only he is concentrating on that.. Not on this romance.. For that I gave that example of doctor in olden days.. Male doctors, female doctors were not there.. Sometime back.. When a female undergoes delivery has to give birth to a child.. Male doctors used to do the delivery.. Sometime back.. Some generations.. That his concentration is only on the delivery of the child.. Without any harm to the mother and the child.. The child should come out.. And so that they will pay the fees.. Also they will respect.. They will thank him.. That is his concentration.. As examiner he is testing the Dhaneshana, Sushreshana and Dhaneshana.. When he is delivering the child, you think you are touching the private parts of that lady.. So you have some romantic feeling.. It is a diversion.. He is not.. If he is concentrating on that and the delivery fails.. Then he will be scolded.. He will be beaten.. He will not be given fees.. So Krishna's concentration is on the test.. Not for romance.. If he wants romance, the heaven angels will come in queue.. He can create the most unimaginable, beautiful lady.. He himself can create.. Narayana, when he made a line on his lap.. Like this.. Uruvasi came from there.. Uru.. Uru means lap.. From the lap, Uruvasi was born.. So does he want romance?. And he was lying on milk ocean.. Does he steal milk?. He was having only the examiner attitude.. Because in Ramavatar they pressured him like anything.. That is why as soon as he was born, he conducted those tests.. That is the primary work of his incarnation.. Tapasamsthaapana is everywhere.. In every avatar it is done.. Macha avatar, Kuma, Narasimha avatar.. Everywhere it is done.. This is a very special case.. Very delicate thing.. Since he conducted that examination, gave the results correctly.. That is why he is called as Paripurna avatar.. Very difficult to understand.. Otherwise the god will be blamed.. There is every possibility of blaming the god.. That he conducted very correctly.. And before conducting that test, he also showed several miracles.. Telling that I am god, don't imitate.. Nobody shall imitate.. He lifted the Govardhana mountain with his finger.. So that is why when I wrote gopik, I told them to put Krishna with mountain on this finger.. So that if anybody comes, I am Krishna.. Lift the mountain.. Then they will say, Adyatriya.. Very beautiful.. I will come later on.. Not Adyatriya.. There also you are showing the other.. So all the meaning is foolishness.. That is why Narayani Bhakshasutra's wrote,. Na Tatrapi.. All gopikas know that he is god.. That is why they danced with him.. They don't have ignorance.. They know that he is god.. That is why they danced with him.. Next sutra.. If that recognition of god about Krishna is not there in gopikas, then they will go to hell.. That is the sin.. They must go to hell.. Krishna will not go to hell.. Because he is only examining.. You cannot say Krishna should go to hell.. Actually both should go to hell.. In the case of human being.. Violating the rule.. He is not doing with that view.. If these people, if these gopikas did dance with him with that view, with sinful view, with lust, hormonal provoked lust.. Then Tadjihira Jaraana Vivaad. They will go to hell.. That is not their attitude.. Because intention is devotion.. Intention is not lust.. Why lust will be there? They are sages.. Even heavenly dancers when they came, they cursed them.. Their penance was not disturbed by Rambha, Urvashi, Menaka, Kilotama.. They cursed them.. They won.. They burned their lust in penance fire.. How they can have lust?. They have devotion.. Only due to devotion they danced with him.. So when intention, intention only brings the result to action.. Suppose a father hugs his own daughter and kisses daughter due to his love on the issue.. And same lady, suppose a rapist rowdy comes and hugs and kisses her.. Same action in both cases?. Accuracy.. But here father is appreciated for his love to say yield.. There he goes to hell.. Even the government courts they will punish him.. Even here as well as there he will be punished.. But same action.. Why this difference in the result of good?. Because intention is different.. So their intention is not lust because they are sages.. They have already burned their lust in the penance fire.. Their intention is only devotion to God.. Just like the father hugging his own issue.. Like that devotion only.. Like that.. Those two sutras are meant for this.. Jara vacha.. How you should love God?. What intensity of love you should be after God?. Then he searches for an example in the whole world.. What example he got in Narada Sages?. In Narada?. A lady having illegal relationship with somebody.. How much she loves that illegal fellow?. Such love you should love God.. See intensity, no better example he found.. One day one fellow came to my father.. My father is an astrologer.. Very famous in anthropology.. He told my father, sir, your name is increasing, your fame is increasing like sin.. His intention is not to appreciate only my father.. As sin is increasing very fastly, your fame is increasing.. So even though it is a bad example, but in the intensity that is the highest example.. Whenever a simile is given, you need not touch the simile in all aspects.. Your face is like moon.. Face is like moon only in one aspect.. Your face is present as the moon.. Not in all other aspects.. Moon has black dots.. Your face is black.. Moon grows in the Shukla Patsha.. In Amavasya it disappears.. Your face doesn't grow.. Moon is eclipsed by Rahu and Tethu.. Your face is not eclipsed by Rahu and Tethu.. Only one quality simile is taken that is called as Ekabhagopama.. Ekabhagopama, only one aspect.. That is the intensity.. The intensity of love there is the highest.. Only for that intensity point he has given the example.. Because it is Ekabhagopama.. It did not have other properties or similars in other properties.. That is Purnopama.. This is Ekabhagopama.. And for that I give a story also.. King Bhoja came in disguise to see how the people are living in his kingdom.. He sat on the Arugantara Baita.. There he sat.. That lady, that family lady, a crow came and sounded ka ka like that.. The lady was afraid and ran into the house.. What is this?. For crow sound she feared and ran into the house.. Something must be there.. Let me observe what happens.. He slept in the night outside the house.. Then in the midnight she made her husband to sleep.. Took Laja.. Laja means Murmuru.. Two puffed rice.. Two hands.. And she left the house in the midnight.. Went to Narmada river.. She crossed the Narmada river.. In Narmada the crocodiles are more.. So she puts one handful Murmuru.. The crocodiles will go to catch those.. Then she will cross.. Then she spent the time with her illegal relationship.. And returning back the second handful rice to cross the Narmada river.. Per crocodiles.. This is Bhujah.. Next day he came to the court.. Sabha.. Then he gave a tamasya.. Tamasya means. A lady was frightened with the sound of crow in the daytime.. He gave the tamasya.. First line.. Nobody could understand this.. Only Kali Asa could understand.. Kali Asa is a student.. After Narmada river.. She crossed the Narmada river in the night time.. Then Bhujah told the third line.. Atrasanti jale graha.. But in Narmada river several crocodiles are present.. Talaja saiva sundari.. She has two.. In the two both hands she has a pocket knife.. That is how he has taken that example for intensity.. Because there in illegal relationship there is obstruction.. No it is not good.. You should not do.. Then intensity will increase.. Somebody says it is not good.. Don't go there.. Then I get the ingredients.. Somebody says it is good.. There is no anxiety.. That is human tendency.. So much background for Bhakti.. Madhura Bhakti.. So much background.. And finally I found the females their eyes have gone to the top of the head.. And therefore Sravakya told you are a mad fellow.. Stole in the hand of mad fellow.. We don't know which side he will throw.. Then he will throw this stone to which side.. One day you raise your madhura Bhakti to sky.. And now you blasted it completely.. I told you see by word, by mind that devotion is common to males and females.. But they have this body cannot be surrendered to God because they are males.. Then they feel that females have that facility.. They don't have that facility.. Then I told you compare Gopika's surrendering bodies to Krishna, God.. You compare monkeys surrendering their bodies in the war on behalf of Rama.. Prepare for torture with the opposite weapons and prepare for death.. The Gopika's surrendered bodies for getting some pleasure.. Atmarastha kamaya sarvam priya bhagati.. That is already told.. They got some pleasure from God.. But here there is no pleasure.. Death will come.. And torture will come with the opposite weapons.. So what are Gopika's before those monkeys?. I am directly told you are a mad fellow.. Your knowledge is like a stone present in the hand of a mad fellow.. You don't know to which direction he will throw, to which side he will throw.. Nobody knows.. One day you put the masaraBhakti at the top most.. That is Goloka.. Higher than Brahma Loka is given to Gopika.. So higher than highest fruit.. Like that you raise it.. I raise it as long as the eyes are in this area.. But when the eyes go there, I must bring it down the ice.. Recent thing, recent knowledge.. Yes sir.. I got that.. Initially you said that madhura Bhakti is very much misunderstood.. That is why I raised.. Because in initial stage it was misunderstood.. It is one of the best ways.. It is one of the best ways.. That does not mean other best ways are not present.. See gold medals from various departments are equal.. In history department you got gold medal, in politics department you got gold medal.. Both are equal.. So Brahma Loka, Goloka and Dattasevaka Loka, these three are equal.. Gold medalist from different departments.. Like that Dattasevaka Loka is Arvajna.. Arvajna means she knows everything.. She knows how to raise the ego and how to down the ego.. And that is always understood by everybody also.. Yes.. That is the fundamental characteristic of God Dattah.. God Dattah, prajnana ghanaha is called as embodiment of knowledge.. Solidified knowledge.. Ghanah means solid.. See you cannot see the gaseous state.. Liquid you can see but it is moving.. But solid, standard, static you can see very clearly for a long time.. So in solid state clarity is highest.. Standard also.. That static in nature is always present.. It is always static.. It won't move.. It is more clear than liquid.. So he is called as prajnana ghanaha.. The knowledge is solidified.. He is God Dattah.. Solidified means in his knowledge everywhere clarity will be the maximum.. Without clarity what is the use of preaching?. See when there is no clarity in the knowledge that means the preacher himself has no clarity about the subject.. He is confused.. He is not having clear knowledge about the topic which he is preaching to others.. So like that clarity.. So that is the way of the knowledge.. What?. So that is the way of the knowledge.. So that is the way of the knowledge.. Not only that Swami.. Not only prajnana ghanaha.. That is the way of the knowledge.. That is the way of the knowledge.. That is the way of the knowledge.. That is the way of the knowledge.. That is the way of the knowledge.. That is the way of the knowledge.. That is the way of the knowledge.. That is the way of the knowledge.. Omnipotent.. Actually one omnipotent is sufficient.. That adjective is sufficient.. Other things are not necessary.. Omnipotent means omniscient.. Omnipotent means without being omnipresent he is omniscient.. That is due to omnipotence.. So one adjective omnipotence is sufficient.. Omnipresent and omniscient are not necessary.. They are automatically resulting due to omnipotence.. So that one adjective is sufficient.. Sarva Shittimavana.. That is what the spiritual discussion between Ari Samajaya and Sanatana Dharma took place in Mahakumbhamela.. Yes Swami.. There Karapatra Swami came.. And the debate is going on for some five days.. Between Ari Samajaya and Sanatana Dharma.. I closed the debate in five minutes.. I just put one question to Ari Samajaya.. Swarats.. Ishwara Sarva Shittimavana?. Because Vala is taken in Sanskrit language.. So I asked him.. Is God omnipotent or not?. They say omnipotent.. Ishwara Sarva Shittimavana.. Even Ari Samajaya Dayanath Saraswati says.. Ishwara Sarva Shittimavana.. Then?. Is he, that means he possesses all powers.. Then is he possessing the power to incarnate or not?. He is possessing the power to incarnate.. Then there should be no objection for his incarnation.. If we say he is not, they are regressed incarnations.. If he says he is not having that power, then he cannot be omnipotent.. All powers present except that one power.. 99 powers are present.. 100 are not present.. One is less.. Then how he can be omnipotent?. Then he told.. No, no, he is omnipotent.. But he is not taking the incarnation.. Not unable to take the incarnation.. But he does not want to take incarnation.. Like that she said.. Then I told.. The devotees are praying for the incarnation.. They want to have Sambhashana, Darshan, Darshan, Sambhashana, Sahavata.. They are praying.. And God is very kind.. Devotees are praying for that.. Why you are standing in between God and the devotees?. Like Andhika Narbhavati.. He has the power to incarnate.. They are praying him to incarnate.. They want to see him.. They want to talk with him.. They want to touch him by doing Pada Namaskaram.. They want to live with him.. They are praying.. And he has that power.. Why should we object like a priest between God and a devotee?. Pujya is much more elevated today.. Why do you object?. There is a need.. High, very high devotees.. They are praying.. for that. They want that. He is capable of that. Will he refuse the desire of...on what. basis he is refusing? Suppose you say he is refusing, for what purpose? Meaningless. Closing.. Topic is closing.. Is he omnipotent or not? They don't know what I am going to play next year. They told,. hey, he is Omnipotent. All the four or five scholars, they shouted, he is Omnipotent.. Then is he having the potency, power to incarnate or not? If you say that he has no power to. incarnate, he is not Saraswati Maam. He is not having all powers. All powers but except. one power. That will not be Omnipotency. If you say that he has the power, there is a. need devotees are praying, requesting. He is very kind Lord. He is very kind to devotees.. He always do...he will do anything for the sake of devotees. Such a need is there and. he is potent, he is capable. Why you are objecting in between? Why you are standing in between. the two? Why you are not objecting? Why you are not objecting? Why you are not objecting?. Why you are not objecting? Why you are not objecting? Why you are not objecting? Why. you are not objecting? Why you are not objecting? Why you are not objecting? Why you are not. objecting? Why you are not objecting? Why you are not objecting? Why you are not objecting?. Then, Tharpatra Swamiji, he was so much pleased with me. He embraced me and told, I will give. sanyasa to you. You become the Peethasapati of Kashi Peetham. Kashi Shankara Peetham is. the master of all the other four Peethas. Because Shankaracharya written Bhashya commentaries. only in Kashi. Then the Peethas, Tharpatra Swamiji, he is the author, he is Gita Hibbati.. As successor. Then I wrote to my father. Such a good opportunity came.. Age of 16, 17. 16 completed. Then my father wrote, you stop that education, come back. to home. I will not agree to you to take sanyasa because you are my eldest son. Eldest son is. responsible for all the pitrukarmas and the parents by. He is the aggigari actually. Tharpatra. is only eldest son. The other brothers only just they follow, they assist only. They just. follow only. The main tharpatra is the jesta putraha. The first eldest son. Objected. Then. I dropped from that idea. Then I wept for that. Then God that I appeared and told why. you are weak. I beseeched that golden chance. Moreover I studied this bloody science in. which I am not interested. I am interested in Sanskrit and philosophy. He did not allow. me to go in that line. He brought me in this science line which I don't like at all. I. like only philosophy and Sanskrit. Why you force me into this line? Then he told, he. gave the explanation. Transcript you have studied in every previous birth you are a. science. Now the need is you have to teach the philosophy, spiritual knowledge to scientists,. not the Sanskrit scholars. The whole world is full of scientists. Even arts subjects. also can be called science, political science like that, social science. So science is everywhere.. So you must study science. You have to preach spiritual knowledge to scientists, not to. old Sanskrit scholars. There are no Sanskrit scholars also now. Very little. Very countable. on fingers. Minor thing. That is why I made you to study science. Actually since I studied. science, I could tell that the trees do not have awareness, nervous system and brain.. They have only respiration. Pranam ekosha. Taking oxygen limit on the life. It is not. real awareness of life. Not real life. It is called as life. Pranam ekosha. But not. Manom ekosha. They are not undergoing pain. See this answer I could give only because. I studied botany, Geology, Chemistry, B.Sc.. They have life. Yes. Even now we eat non-Hindutians. But see Boer's theory was not accepted by. all world scientists. He was not accepted by several scientists. He was not accepted.. See life means, you take life means only respiration which is a mechanical process. It has no awareness.. Trees are living beings. Animals are also living beings. But animals are living beings with. awareness. Trees are living beings without awareness. Life that, what are the life there. means only mechanical respiration process. It is not nervous system and brain. See real. life is awareness. Not the mechanical respiration. See we can prepare life system in the laboratory.. You can take a chemical reaction taking place in your vessel. You can send oxygen through. one tube. That reaction takes place. Carbon dioxide is emitted. That you can take out. from one tube. You have created pranamaya question elaborated it. But you cannot create. awareness. You cannot create awareness. By any experiment you cannot create awareness.. Swami a person in coma state is as good as a plant. Can we consider that? Good as plant. means his brain nervous system is not working. That is why he is in coma state. Like a plant.. Like a plant. It is called vegetative state. Provided he is taking respiration. On ventilation.. Even on ventilation. Swami for human beings and animals. Here the point is respiration. is in plants. Respiration is in animals also. But in addition to respiration there is a. nervous system in animals. That nervous system is the absentee plants.. Then I asked from Mahabharata Swami. Adat Dhargabhubhav debate is there. And they said there are. senses in the plants. Then you have to admit that. In fact they are the interpolated.. Adat you see in the instructions. Somebody will say Parvati Vasa, Shiva Bhuvasa. Parvati. told like this in Tantra Granthas. Always Shiva Bhuvasa, Parvati Vasa. Like that. In. the name of Parvati and Shiva they write. Then it will be accepted. Parvati also Shiva. Bhuvasa. Must be. That is incessance. That you need not worry. Have you taken audio video. cassette. Then Parvati asked and Shiva replied. So science helped me in that way. See while. telling the human incarnation has both human nature as well as the God's nature, divine. nature. I took the example electron. Electron has both wave nature and particle nature.. Dual nature of electron. Human incarnation I compared to the single phase system in which. two components are present. God component, human being component. But phase is single.. Human being only is seen. God component is not seen. So single phase in which two components. are present. See gold and copper are mixed. But it looks as gold only. 22 carats gold. looks like gold. Unless you put microscope and see gold atoms are different from copper. atoms. Spectrograph like that. So therefore while giving examples I could give many scientific. examples. Because I studied science. That is in Baha. That free energy explanation.. And that first law of thermodynamics also. Q is equal to delta E plus W. And reaction. is the slowest step. Slowest step of the reaction determines the whole time of the reaction.. Then once knowledge is obtained the Bhakti is spontaneous. Karma yoga is spontaneous.. So the first step took 10 minutes. The other three steps are spontaneous. They took 10. minutes one second. In one second the other three steps are completed. So the overall. reaction time is only 10 minutes. The time taken by the first step is the overall time. of the entire reaction. That is why he told.Jñāna Devata Kaivalyam. By spiritual knowledge. you will get kaiwayam. That means when you get full spiritual knowledge automatically. spontaneously you get devotion. Spontaneously you will get practical devotion. Spontaneously. you will get fruit. The first step is very difficult. Slowest step. Acquiring the correct. and complete knowledge. SoJñāna Devata Kaivalyam. It can be supported. It does not. mean that theoretical devotion, practical devotion and fruit are absent. Strictly the. Jnaana is giving the final product. The second step and third step are spontaneous. Their. time is not considered at all. It looks as soon as the first step of the reaction is. over the fruit has come. It looks like that. SoJñāna Devata Kaivalyam is justified. That. is why Shankara told like that. I could support Shankara by the reaction kind things. That. is why then he also told the reason for him to obstruct me from the sanyasa, becoming. Kashi Peethasipathy. He told the reason is if you become Kashi Peethasipathy only some. four or five Sanskrit scholars will become to you. And as Shankara Peethasipathy you. cannot support Ramayana Maddha etc. You have to support only Shankara. You have to always. scold Ramayana Maddha. That is the rule of the Peetham. Is it not? So how can you propagate. the universal spirituality? In Hinduism itself you cannot oppose the sub religions. How can. you unite the religions of the entire world? That is why he stopped now. Gyanarayam thought. he will do all for his work. Maybe he is very attentive in his work. But when we ask some. fruit then he will become angry. His work he is very alert. If you ask salary he will. become irritated. If you show interest in his work he will very much believe. Not like. that. He has given lot of money. Lot of unimaginable amount he has given. Because he never tells. a lie. That is the sentence told by him. Unimaginable amount. I should not speak because if the. news goes to some income tax people I will be in trouble. So always I was going back.. I will not do this full time. I will do some job. In leisure time I will do this. I am. doing from the beginning like this only. Now what else I will do? I don't want anything. for doing your work. I don't want any fruit from you for your work. I will work for my. expenses, for my family expenses. I will work in the end. In leisure time I will dedicate. to you. That is what I told. I thinking as if he doesn't have any money. He is a poor. fellow. That is like see very difficult for you to pay. Let me earn my livelihood. I will. do free service to you. You must do full time work. I will give in a different way. I will. give in a different way. That is what he did. And he did it. He did it also not correctly.. When he told the statement the whole nature rearranged to fulfill his statement. It is. not his issue and did some work for that arrangement. When the sentence came from his mouth it has. to be done by the nature. We always speak as per the situation. But when he speaks the. situation follows his speech. Our speech will be following the situation. What is the actual. going on? We will study and then speak accordingly. Our speech follows the situation whereas. the situation follows his speech. That is the difference between God and soul.. That is the real experience. Once the statement came from his mouth it will feel like anything.. And the nature does the work with such a speed, tremendous speed. The work will be done with. tremendous speed because he is the ultimate God. He is that unimaginable God. He expressed. all fresh energetic incarnations. And the definition of God completely appraise in him.. He is only one. He does creation, maintenance and destruction of the world. These two are. the definitions of the God. Even Janmaadvishaya has Brahma Sutras. This is only given as definition.. This definition of God contains two aspects, two points. One is he is one. He does all. the three works, creation, ruling and destruction. These two points exactly visibly apply in. him. He is one person only. So Hekmaadvishaya Brahma that apply. He is having three faces.. With Brahma face he creates. With Vishnu face he rules. With Shiva face he destroys. Only. one personality. He does all the three works. That is the definition of ultimate God. That. is Brahma Jignasa. Brahma means ultimate God. That definition completely appraise in him.. That is why he told,. According to Vedic definition, he is proved to be the ultimate God. This explanation has. not come so far about that. They say that he is born from Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva.. That is also correct. But that incarnation is called as Dattaatreya. This is Datta. Datta. appeared for Atreya and Anasuya. In Bhagavatam, in Rotsha mountain, both did long penance.. And Datta appeared there. First Brahma, Vishnu, Shiva appeared. Atreya refused them. God is. only one. He may do all the three activities together. But God is not a board of directors. of a company. He is only one. He refused all three. He refused. Then with three faces,. single God Datta appeared. Then Anasuya asked him to take birth in her womb. Then Brahma. born as Chandra, Vishnu born as Datta and Shiva born as Durvasa. Then Brahma and Shiva,. they gave their powers. They gave all their divinities to the central Datta. And Chandra. went and mixed with planets, Navagrahas. Durvasa went and mixed with sages. He is a. Rishi. After losing their divinities, he became a planet, he became a sage. From that time. Datta, Dattaatreya became Srimurcha. Not by birth. That is human incarnation. But this. is the first energetic incarnation which appeared to Atreya and Anasuya before the. birth of Dattaatreya. And since Anasuya requested, he is born as three sons. So Datta is different. from Dattaatreya. Datta is the original energetic incarnation, ultimate God. Dattaatreya is his. human incarnation. Datta is not the birth day of Datta. It is the birth day of Dattaatreya.. They both are one. They merged with each other. They become one only. That is how every incarnation. is. Unimaginable God enters every incarnation through God Datta. Because God Datta, Unimaginable. God merged. And you need not refer to Unimaginable God because he is beyond imagination. How. can you refer? Only you can refer him as the ultimate God. And here no Shaiva Matham and. Vaishnava Matham. All these are absent. All the three are present. And the inertial Brahma. is also added. It is three in one. Why should you leave Brahma? Who is the first form of. God creating the world? Only Vishnu and Shiva. Only after Brahma, only Vishnu and Shiva came.. First is Brahma. You have left Brahma completely. Nobody worships Brahma. So all these defects. are rectified. But Vedantists follow that ultimate God as Nidakara, Nirguna, who cannot. be even imagined. Bhagavad Gita says, avyatah gajar dukham deha vadhira vaapya te. If you. worship that Nirguna Param Brahma, you will get misery, you will get dukha only. Because. you cannot imagine even. How can you worship? When you can't imagine him, how can you worship?. He is like a naked person in the bathroom. Nobody can see him. He only can see himself.. That is God only knows God. Brahman knows only Brahman. Nobody other than him can see. him. He is naked in the bathroom. Only he can see himself. He knows about himself. No. other fellow can know him. So he became visible after dressing. That dressing is medium. He. became mediated God, Saguna Brahma. That is Nirguna Brahma in the bathroom. Outside he. came as Saguna Brahma. Even though he dressed, his face is seen, his palms are seen, legs. are seen. Some original is also seen. Then what is that seen? We told he is unimaginable. God. We are seeing his face, hands etc. What is that unimaginable expressed in God Datta?. Miracles. Miracles. What are miracles? Unimaginable events. Indicating the source of unimaginable. God. So unimaginable God is expressed through face, through hands, legs. Excellent. Excellent. point. Because by the miracles only, the unimaginable God is indicated. Unimaginable God is the. source of unimaginable events called miracles.. As far as I know, I was thinking that we are Vedant is that we follow Parabrahma, ultimate. God. Parabrahman is monavyachya pravirata parabrahma ratnam, only silence. Because nothing. is understood. As far as avyatta he is getting dukkham. We are not Vedant. In one song also. we say that. We say that we are the Guru. He is the Guru Datta.. So 9 is enough, 9 has passed. Then you all should go home.. Swami spoke for 40 hours contribution to Gajar Mahara from Mumbai. He is now Swami. Keshavadri. See, if I don't speak the knowledge, like gases trouble, it will pain.. If I speak knowledge, then stomach is pain. My brain acts like a stomach. Like the stomach. is upset by gas, the brain is upset by knowledge. I speak, then something. And release is there.. So Krishna has to be well.. Yes, Swami.. All of you.. Janakanna manna adhi na.. Real Krishna has to be Swami today.. Jnaanayeknam fire bathsvar.. Starting only Swami said that only discussing of the spiritual knowledge itself is the real. festival. That's what could happen literally.. That's what you started, same word you started Swami. That's what happened. The real festival. happened. That is why he told Jnaana Deepavali, Bhakti Deepavali. Deepavali is also Krishna's. festival. But it should be Jnaana Deepavali and Bhakti Deepavali. Jnaana and Bhakti are. one and the same. Because Jnaana, I am hearing Jnaana, you develop some inspiration on God.. That inspiration is not different from Jnaana. That is what Shankara told. In Gita actually. two verses came.. Priyohi Gnani no atyantam. Gnani sachamav priya.. Another place, Bhaktas te ati mume priya.. Devotee is the highest in one place.. In another place he told, Gnani is the highest.. Two superlatives cannot be for two objects.. Superlative is only for one object.. Then Shankara wrote, Paramantha Jnaanalaksha Rasa Sampan Naam Bhakti Michyadha.. Jnaana and Bhakti both are one and the same.. So for the superlative only one example, one item came.. Jnaana is not different from Bhakti. Jnaana produces Bhakti.. Bhakti is inspiration, abstract.. It is always associated with Jnaana.. As you get more and more Jnaana, the more and more Bhakti will be generated.. So it is always associated with Jnaana.. So it is considered as one item only.. That is why superlative is only one item.. Like that he wrote, Paramantha.. Because two things cannot be in one superlative.. Highest means only one.. So like that.. Jnaana gives Bhakti.. Thank you Swami.. Give it so much of love.. Lot of love.. Anyway I enjoyed.. Very good. Krishnasami is celebrated in the best way.. Excellent.. Marvelous.. All points you covered.. Every point, all points.. Explanation is excellent.. Very beautiful.. Babu, naa chathayindha dhokkate.. Neekh okkadi gaya chathayindha dhokkate.. Neekh kabaddi gaya chathayindha dhokkate.. Neekh okkadi gaya chathayindha dhokkate.. Neekh kabaddi gaya chathayindha dhokkate.. That is also correct.. I can do only one.. One more.. Many thanks.. Namaste.. Janmanko Jyotiratim.. Janmanko Krishnashami.. Namaste.. That morning Ramachandra was telling. this was the first Krishnashami. and it was celebrated in online.. First Krishnashami.. First Krishnashami.. I told because of our distinguished guest Chanda.. I told because of our distinguished guest Chanda.. Very fast.. Online first Krishnashami.. Yes.. Excellent.. She graced the occasion with her physical presence.. She can recognize the Swamiji.. I only speak the knowledge.. She practices the knowledge.. She is far far greater than me.. She is far far greater than me.. Because you preached only she could do Swamiji.. Because you preached only she could do Swamiji.. I only speak her.. Practicing it.. Because you preached it so. that she could practice it.. See preaching is very easy but practicing is difficult.. Swami has to receive the practical services because he has to test.. What you have understood has to be tested.. I will borrow the words from Nikhil Sir Swami. He said when the preacher is of highest order like God Datta, then even the lowest soul will perform in a climax way.. Excellent!. But the higher picture is the highest God Datta.. Practice is very difficult.. Kama Yoga is very difficult. That is the final step.. Excellent!. Everybody will learn knowledge. Everybody will get inspiration.. But nothing happens in practice.. Tuss in practice.. Among angels you are the highest. Among souls, Chanda Ji is the highest.. She is not highest. I actually gave the comment, how she is possible.. That is the question which is not answered so far.. She did all Karma Phala tyaaga. All her gold and all her cash.. Then some two days back, she phoned to me and told, second time I want to Karma Phala tyaaga.. Whatever I have in my bank balance, I want to give.. Then she told, don't tell this to anybody.. I am telling to everybody and also telling, all of you don't tell anything.. Like Ram Ram Rayaraj.. Telling that?. I am telling to everybody.. Please, all of you.. Don't tell anybody.. Already our minds are blocked with the first shock.. Now she is prepared to be second time. Even before we are two different first time.. Okay sir.. Come.. Once Swami told, secret is always to be told.. I am also thinking that in this Kali Yuga, though it preach the whatever Krishna preach.. That the Karma Phala tyaaga, Karma Phala tyaaga, Bhakti Yoga, Jnaana Yoga, that sequence.. All that I preach.. But this one, you see, Karma Phala tyaaga means doing sacrifice of heart there in wealth.. Is it not?. Everybody does.. That is okay.. But in Gita there is one sloka.. Actually, the word to be given to the devotee who does Karma Phala tyaaga.. All the air and wealth when he donates, he is called as Karma Phala tyaaga.. There I got doubt.. This is not possible.. Especially in Kali Yuga this is not possible.. So this line of verse in Gita should be deleted from Gita for Kali Yuga.. Sarva Karma Phala tyaaga, Satchyaaga Chabhriyati.. Jnaana Karma Phala tyaaga.. Better than meditation, Karma Phala tyaaga is better.. But Karma Phala tyaaga means Siddhasitthi and ThaBhakti.. But there is another line in Gita.. Sarva Karma Phala tyaaga, Satchyaaga Chabhriyati.. Who does, who sacrifices all the air and wealth?. He is called as Karma Phala tyaaga.. Not everybody.. Siddhasitthi Yadavati Shade, that itself is very difficult.. Because it is practical.. Sarva Karma Phala tyaaga, Sattuprastha, Turama.. Only two people I see.. I don't see any other third person.. Hardly to be counted on fingers.. Especially this Kalimba, Sarva Karma Phala tyaaga is not there.. But God Dakta gave me shock.. He produced Sarva Karma Phala tyaaga.. He gave me shock.. My concept, his concept is not having any example in the world.. No, this line, this Gita line.. You say that my concept has no example?. I will show you an example.. He is a creator.. He can create anything in his creation.. He created it.. Examples are these.. So I was shocked.. I was similarly shocked when God Dakta explained me that Krishna's Navanita Chauriyam and Rasa Kriya are the chests of Eshnatrayam.. Then my mind was blocked for one month.. Then this shock for the rest of my life and my mind was blocked.. And she is preparing for second night.. Please ask her to take some break. We are late.. That's what I am telling.. Already we are not completely relieved from the first shock.. Let us at least recover.. I promise, whatever you told I fulfilled.. I told all, not to tell anybody.. You are very good.. We are all very happy.. We are also happy. Swami reminded us to leave early.. Yes, yes. Because we have to go home and.... Swami, one group photo.. Yes, come on.. One prayer, Swami.. Udvegara hita Santoshara hita Shanti samudra Sri datta Shanti samudra Sri datta. Shantiladhirbala tatvanyati Nirmikara jayalanta satchi Yogi raja gurupitha dheesha. Udvegara hita Santoshara hita Shanti samudra Sri datta Shanti samudra Sri datta. Shanti samudra Sri datta. Om Shanti Shanti Shanti. Namaskar, Sir.. Namaste.. Thank you..
Andhachandamu, Sumakarandamu, Chindurandhaga, Kundaradhanu, Mandahasamu, Indivaradru, Gatmamandira, Indirapati, Indindiramu, Matimati, Nurtuochanu, Madhurasi Pati, Matalanyu, Patalanyu, Atalanyu.. Pithambaram, Thadukumulugaga, Vasudevuni, Nadakasadasulu, Toyajatsuni, Phatunashimala, Tuluchundaga, Toyajatsuni, Sandhipulkulu, Vishwaroopamu, Pradarshinchi, Narayanuni, Attahasamu, Matimati, Murtuochanu, Madhurasi Pati, Matalanyu, Indirapati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi Pati, Madhurasi P. confirmed.. I remember the words of Madhurasipati.. I remember the words, I remember the songs, I remember the games.. Fifteen.. Fifteen. Bhakti Ganga to page number fifteen.. I remember the words, I remember the songs, I remember the games.. Swapna varna thaga thaga yudhi nutanam varave bravam. Venkateshvara māśraye mama kinkaresya dvīvaīkani. Chitra pūśpa sarolata tula sīdhalātmakamālikam. Vajramotrika dhāma sambhūta chitra chitra vibhūsanam. Shona padma viśe shahāra paḍiṣkūr dhāma lakandharam. Venkateshvara māśraye mama kinkaresya dvīvaīkani. Shūta palla va komalādhara nastita smita sundaram. Chanda nāntasa bulla satyabu kānta kānti vilacchana. Bulla satya lakuspa sambhita charu hāsa mano charu nāsa mano haram. Venkateshvara māśraye mama kinkaresya dvīvaīkani. Dhautadīdhi dhimīna yugma kalāla satta lalocanam. Kāma cāpa yuga bhurōrati sundara kūrdi bhāsuram. Pāma pāni bilola sūrabha varsikoma labāriyam. Venkateshvara māśraye mama kinkaresya dvīvaīkani. Datshinādi guṇālayam śubha sarva satguna sāgairam. Pāpaku pa ni madna jīva samuddharam dharani dhava. Angulīyaka bhajra dīrthiti pa nīnābhaya dhāyaka. Venkateshvara māśraye mama kinkaresya dvīvaīkani. Pujjvalaṅga sudhara śyana abhidha chakra-kandhidha rādhrasam. Sarva-mangala deva-tārama yāla satt-guru-vādhrasam. Śaṅkhā-cakra-gadāshi-śaṅkhā-samākṣya-pañca-samāyudham. Venkateshvara māśraye mama kinkaresya dvīvaīkani. Yapaṭhelila-vaddhūdham sthava mūttamottamāgama. Sarva-kasta-vinūktimete sakruta-sukham labhate narah. Kṣetrasāgara-śāyina parava-apruyat-parapūrusham. Venkateshvara māśraye mama kinkaresya dvīvaīkani. Venkateshvara Venkateshvara Venkateshvara pāhi mām. Venkateshvara Venkateshvara Venkateshvara raksamām. Vandaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Vandaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Vandaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Vandaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Panti dāsura vṛtti vakram. Patsitāmara lokaśakram. Patsitāmara lokaśakram. Aprameyam. Pantaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Pantaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Kārtha-vīrya mahā-vataaraṁ. Chora-dandana loka-chāraṁ. Bhārayāhurda bhūmibhāraṁ. Vijju-dujjada vallihāraṁ. Vandaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Madhavaṅgulina-abhisāraṁ. Dattabhatta-vipartipāraṁ. Aṣṭa-siddhi-vahattvāraṁ. Vandaniyam Viśnū-cahraṁ. Panti dāsura vṛtti vakram. Kālakaalakarālaśūlaṁ kāmita-ardhankalpa-yenaḥ. Pralayakaalabhayāna-kograṁ. Vijjudhagra-vivarshanagraṁ. Kālakaalakarālaśūlaṁ kāmita-ardhankalpa-yenaḥ. Rātsasādhava-bhasma-sesham Rāvanastha-vavatra-ghaśam. Trivijakarma-phala-gravesham. Kālakaalakarālaśūlaṁ kāmita-ardhankalpa-yenaḥ. Dattaseva-kashatrūnāśam khandi-dātma-pradipalāśam. Pātidāntaka-jagadadheśam dhūta-bhīkara-kālapāśam. Kālakaalakarālaśūlaṁ kāmita-ardhankalpa-yenaḥ. Vijjudhagra-vijjala-dhūjālaṁ kauravānaṁ maraṇalōlaṁ. Pārtha-dushyam-garala-vīlaṁ yāsa-bhōdhādvī-dhalīlaṁ. Kālakaalakarālaśūlaṁ kāmita-ardhankalpa-yenaḥ. Kālabhairava-kāla-dhannau kāmpadarjita-brahmāṇam. Dattaseva-karacchanādham prādhayāmū-bhadhadhadeśam. Dattaseva-karacchanādham prādhayāmū-bhadhadhadeśam. Dattabhaktabhirotimāraṁ nāmaśoṣira-daicyaśūraṁ. Ayudhānāme ka-vīraṁ bhastatrya-gara-hankāraṁ. Kālabhairava-kāla-dhannau kāmpadarjita-brahmāṇam. Dattaseva-karacchanādham prādhayāmū-bhadhadhadeśam. Lokabhānda-vibheda-dhatsam dūsta-śiṣchana-śiṣṭa-patsam. Śrūṣṭi-cakra-pāribhātsam sarva-rācchasa-jāterūtsam. Kālabhairava-kāla-dhannau kāmpadarjita-brahmāṇam. Dattaseva-karacchanādham prādhayāmū-bhadhadhadeśam. Vedapūrusha-pāṇinīdham dattadeva-katatsa-pūtam. Jīvakarma-vipāka-pātam garvitāsura-hūraya-khātam. Kālabhairava-kāla-dhannau kāmpadarjita-brahmāṇam. Dattaseva-karacchanādham prādhayāmū-bhadhadhadeśam. Bhaja-bhaja-bhācchara-kula-sañjātam. Rāvamśārga-dhanur-dharametaṁ. Bhaja-bhaja-bhācchara-kula-sañjātam. Rāvamśārga-dhanur-dharametaṁ. Niskāma-bharti-tapasātri-dham. Jñāna-vipa-cchana-tejasya-tam. Dharm-bhāsāpana-noka-vibhāsam. Sākṣāt-bhārāyaṇa-māyātam. Bhaja-bhaja-bhācchara-kula-sañjātam. Rāvamśārga-dhanur-dharametaṁ. Pāmi-tili-sukavi-kavitā-vīdam. Svāraśya-kathā-ganga-pūtam. Anumadbhuja-pīthāsa-dhanītam. Kebhaga-sāyaka-daśa-mukha-pātam. Bhaja-bhaja-bhācchara-kula-sañjātam. Rāvamśārga-dhanur-dharametaṁ. Pada-bhiṣekas-sūt-pāve-dham. āmantāśana-sītā-pṛdham. Svāraśya-kathā-bhāyaka-kūjala-pātam. Svāraśya-kathā-sūt-pāve-dham. Bhaja-bhaja-bhācchara-kula-sañjātam. Rāvamśārga-dhanur-dharametaṁ. Bhaja-bhaja-bhācchara-kula-sañjātam. Rāvamśārga-dhanur-dharametaṁ. Rāvamśārga-dhanur-dharametaṁ. Śaṅkarāyate dhoka-śaṅkarāyate. Vandana nime deva-vāsudevasya. ālal-loka-śaṅkarāyate. Vandana nime deva-vāsudevasya. ālal-lokanam tavahimme sudhanshanam. śūla-vevathe tilaka-mūrtha-pūndrakam. tilaka-mūrtha-pūndrakam. nīlakaṅtha te bhāti-kaṅtha nīlima. viṣṭarāṁ ho mamahideha nīlima. śaṅkarāyate dhoka-śaṅkarāyate. Vandana nime deva-vāsudevasya. ālal-loka-śaṅkarāyate. dhoka-śaṅkarāyate. ālal-loka-śaṅkarāyate. ālal-loka-śaṅkarāyate. ālal-loka-śaṅkarāyate. ālal-loka-śaṅkarāyate. nātana-pandita-sphurate-ranyakāṇḍa-laṁ. cikra-vāṇḍa-laṁ brahmana-lola-kūṇḍa-laṁ. pūrata-manda-nāthalika-dharmadhaṇḍa-laṁ. anujaka-vandana-mijita-bhārati-bhandana-m. ālal-loka-śaṅkarāyate. vandana-ni-mī-deevavāsudevasya. nimi-deevavāsudevasya. nimi-deevavāsudevasya. govinda-govinda. govinda-govinda. nāma-mē-chālu-annapāda-dulela-samsārambela. yadu-kondala-nekkī-cīcī-yunti-ni. yadu-loka-la-adha-gādē-vādū. brahmārśu-lainati-pūrśu-lē-mōhinchi-kauvalī-ntalavādi-muddhāda-māṁsārē. nāma-mē-chālu-annapāda-dulela-samsārambela. akandula-karna-sviśāla-mūli-sūla. meri-sēti-mīna-mūla-prapīmba-jēsī-ri. khanu-reppala-dambra-padma-mūla-mūri-pīmsu. padma-lo-cannu-danna-nījamu-gāvādi-ni. ānā-mā-mūle-sārā-pīla-mūcchāla-ābuddhu-pada-vula-mūsumbhī-sapīcchikī. tīyā-māmūdi-lēta-chīgū-lēta-dupīcī. ābhūdhara-rūnā-lūpura-kanda-vedvekī-pannīra-pūśpāra-pālipūra-nūcī-nījūsū. govinda-govinda-nāma-mē-chālu-annapāda-mūle-sārā-pīla-mūcchāla-pālūrśa-sanna-nāvula-vīlū. hibabindu-vula-cimni-surya-mūsibhula-bhūl. āndāla-mēkī-nadi-mūcchāla-nadi-mūkbhu-sampenga-tala-vanchē-bhūmū-kūnubinche. govinda-govinda-nāma-mēchāla-annapāda-mūle-sārā-pīla-pālūrśa-sanna-nāvula-vīlū. ādhārū-vādhūrū-anavinda-chara-nāl-sivishāra-vatsanū-nabhijayanti-mā. śaṅkhā-cātra-mūlapa-vara-nābhaya-karāla-vāsude-kūde-vādhu-sīveka-teśvārū. govinda-govinda-nāma-mēchāla-annapāda-mūle-sārā-pīla-sārāpīla-nāvula-vāsude-kūde-vādhu-sīveka-teśvārū. govinda-govinda-nāma-mēchāla-annapāda-mūle-sārāpīla-nāvula-vāsude-kūde-vāsude-kūde-vādhu-sīveka-teśvārū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-bhārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-mūdha-kappi-nūchī-vēchāra-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-bhārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vēchāra-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vēchāra-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. Vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. vajra-vairu-ryādhita-vārū-mūdhanu-andhānta-kappi-nūchī-vāsū. munca munca kriṣṇam vancakaṁ tamekam. munca munca kriṣṇam vancakaṁ tamekam. munca munca kriṣṇam vancakaṁ tamekam. munca munca kriṣṇam vancakaṁ tamekam. let me see. dātā tereyaṁ kāyā vihīyam. kāśi śnālaṁ kāma vikāraṁ. vērādhayaṁ veśyāvaśyam. brahma-dhyānaṁ marīrā-gōlaṁ. munca munca kriṣṇam vancakaṁ tamekam. munca munca kriṣṇam. brahma-dhyānaṁ gopījāraṁ mohādhītaṁ rādhā-moham. dharmādhāraṁ paradhichoram. yajacchikasīvam vāsakriyam. munca munca kriṣṇam vancakaṁ tamekam. munca munca kriṣṇam vancakaṁ tamekam. dhigham varākhyam pītad-kūlaṁ. lakṣinādham bhikṣu-gavṛttiṁ. vērādhayaṁ veśyāvaśyam. brahma-dhyānaṁ varākhyam. vērādhayaṁ vārākṣinādham. vērādhayaṁ vārākṣinādham. brahma-dhyānaṁ vārākṣinādham. brahma-dhyānaṁ vārākṣinādham. brahma-dhyānaṁ vārākṣinādham. dhattā bhagavāṁ vidhidhattā. hṛdhattā hṛdhattā rakṣamāṁ. tri-mukhāni śatpāni kamalāni viprāṇā. tri-mukhāni śatpāni kamalāni viprāṇā. śritiśāra me yai sama-vṛttā. bhagavadmā. śritiśāra me yai sama-vṛttā. bhagavadmā. shri dattā prabhudatta pāhiṁā. vidhidhattā hṛdhattā rakṣamāṁ. shri dattā prabhudatta pāhiṁā. vidhidhattā hṛdhattā rakṣamāṁ. vārūvāṇvāṇiṣa. lakśmiṣa gauriṣa. Veda prabhana pravratipa pravacanarta.. Veda prabhana pravratipa pravacanarta.. Veda prabhana pravratipa pravacanarta.. Veda prabhana pravratipa pravacanarta.. Veda prabhana pravratipa pravacanarta.. Veda prabhana pravratipa pravacanarta.. Veda prabhana pravratipa pravacanarta.. Gurudatta sri datta brahudatta pahimam.. Vidhi datta hari datta raddatta rasamam.. Gurudatta sri datta brahudatta pahimam.. Vidhi datta hari datta raddatta rasamam.. Mandala saurandha risyanda madhurbhrinda.. Mandala saurandha risyanda madhurbhrinda.. Kandarpasar soha saurandha vyavanandana.. Kandarpasar soha saurandha vyavanandana.. Kandarpasar soha saurandha vyavanandana.. Gurudatta sri datta brahudatta pahimam.. Vidhi datta hari datta raddatta rasamam.. Gurudatta sri datta brahudatta pahimam.. Vidhi datta hari datta raddatta rasamam.. Sri datta ganapadim bhaje.. Sri datta ganapadim bhaje.. Sri datta ganapadim bhaje.. Sri datta ganapadim bhaje.. On mathan dana tana mn.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Ananda ganapadim bhaje.. Ananda ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. Sri dada ganapadim bhaje.. These three are present in human incarnation also.. Human body, every human body contains energy,. inert energy, inert matter and non-inert awareness.. So these three means the human incarnation, Sadguru.. So that is the pratika, represented model for the Sadguru.. So when it becomes instavarnasam, again fresh pratika is born.. So when it becomes instavarnasam, again fresh pratika is born.. Because the Egya Veda becomes dirty after some time.. So new Egya Veda is to be put.. The Sadguru after preaching the disciples after some time, he will become dirty.. Because of the dirt of the disciples, he will become dirty.. So the Sadguru must be changed.. He must be changed because of our dirt, he will become dirty.. Otherwise he is pure.. This happened to the temples.. This happened to deities of temples.. Deities of temples have become.... due to the aspiration of the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. the. The. Prasada. Where are you?. Vical. All of you seen the main group of English, I am posting it.. Nandgajatathara Gauri Sampara Girija Manoramana. Jayamruchinjaya Deva Maheshwara Mangala Subhacharna. Nandivahana Narahushana Nirupama Gunasadana. Naranamano Harat Neerakantahara Neerajagalana Yana. Chitta Chora Yashoda Kebhaar. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Chitta Chora Yashoda Kebhaar. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Govardhan Dhar Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Govardhan Dhar Gopal. Chitta Chora Yashoda Kebhaar. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Chitta Chora Yashoda Kebhaar. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Govardhan Dhar Gopal. Chitta Chora Yashoda Kebhaar. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Chitta Chora Yashoda Kebhaar. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Chitta Chora Yashoda Kebhaar. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Navaneet Chora Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Gopan Dhar Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Gopal Gopal Gopal. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Hey Radhaaraman Lola. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Hey Nanda Gopala Bhagaya. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Hey Radhaaraman Lola. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Chanda ji singing. Swami, you were singing like Baba was singing. Swami, your voice is now.... Swami, if you sing, Baba will come and sing again. Same voice, same voice. Very very good, Swami. Both the songs are very good. Swami, please sing more songs, he used to sing this song daily. Madhura Madhura Murali Ganesha Ma. Madhura Deepati Radhesha Ma. Madhura Madhura Murali Ganesha Ma. Madhura Deepati Radhesha Ma. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Govinda Hare Gopala Hare. Madhura Deepati Radhesha Ma. You sing it?. Madhura Madhura Murali Ganesha Ma. Madhura Deepati Radhesha Ma. Madhura way. Madhura Madhura. Madhura face. Madhura face. Madhura Madhura. Madhura France. Madhura exploded. Madhura Adhipatira Keelam Madhuram. Gopam Madhurana Gopo Madhuram. Yajtir Madhurachir Yajtir Madhuram. Kali Tam Madhuram Kali Tam Madhuram. Madhura Adhipatira Keelam Madhuram. Acharam Madhuram Madhuram Madhuram. Nayam Madhuram Dhasitam Madhuram. Hridayam Madhuram Tamanam Madhuram. Madhura Adhipatira Keelam Madhuram. Madhura Adhipatira Keelam Madhuram. Jayaradhamadhamadham. Jayaradhamadhamadham. Jayaradhamadhamadham. Jayaradhamadhamadham. Govinda Krishna Jay Govinda Krishna Jay. Krishna Jay Krishna Jay Krishna Jay. Krishna Jay Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna Jay. Govinda Krishna Jay Govinda Krishna Jay. Krishna Jay Govinda Krishna Jay Govinda Krishna Jay. Krishna Jay Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna. Krishna Jay Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna. Krishna Jay Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna. Krishna Jay Krishna Krishna Krishna Krishna. Krishna Jay Ravi Krishnaa. Krishna Krsna baba r Above. Rama Krishna a Blulk. Krishna J T. Krishna. J. Sri Krishna Govinda Hare Murali, Enad Narad, Vipassudeva.. Sri Krishna Govinda Hare Murali, Enad Narad, Vipassudeva.. Tighmatri Pani Sarva Hamare, Tighmatri Pani Sarva Hamare.. Enad Narad, Vipassudeva, Sri Krishna Govinda Hare Murali, Enad Narad, Vipassudeva.. Vande Griha Jee Suvavataare, Kahin Janme Sahin Pane Murali.. Kishke Ke Rai, Kishke Ke Rai, Hai Adubhut Hai Vaat Vehaali.. Jogar Nidhan, Bhavna Ke Rai, Jogar Nidhan, Bhavna Ke Rai.. Enad Narad, Vipassudeva, Sri Krishna Govinda Hare Murali, Enad Narad, Vipassudeva.. Adhan Viganti, Praday Me Raate, Bhate Gaye Dono Me Raate.. Enad Narad, Vipassudeva, Sri Krishna Govinda Hare Murali, Enad Narad, Vipassudeva.. Pani Gaye, Pani Gaye, Pani Gaye, Janme Gaya Pukhari.. Enad Narad, Vipassudeva, Sri Krishna Govinda Hare Murali, Enad Narad, Vipassudeva.. Madhura Thibade, Raghirama Tharama.. 




Everything is sweet.. He has a sugar problem.. That is why Vidura gave Him the outer skin of the banana fruit and threw the fruit.. Because fruit contains sugar.. In that outer leather, it contains vitamins and minerals.. And He, you know, after coming to Vidura's house, straightly He went to war.. In war, when arrows come, especially in Bhishma, through lot of arrows on Krishna.. Krishna was injured by it.. So if He is sugar....since He has sugar, bleeding will not stop.. If sugar is there, bleeding will not stop.. That is why thinking all this in future, very near future, Vidura gave Him the banana leather and threw the fruit.. Because sugar will increase, then in the war arrow will come, then bleeding will not stop.. So he threw the fruit out and gave the leather of the banana fruit.. Because everything is Madhura, everything is sweet..Blood sweet, everything is sweet. 

So I have, from the Krishna avatara, I have also imbibed one quality, that is sugar.. In that one quality, I am similar to Krishna.. 

That is wonderful, right?. Yes.. Go pick up. Go pick up. Go pick up. Go pick up. Go pick up. Go pick up. Audio is not there.. Audio. I stood there. I wetted. I wetted. I wetted. I wetted. I wetted. I wetted. I wetted. She told, I have seen this for 40 days.. I want to get a job for my son.. That is why I said.. I told her, even though you have a desire, your devotion is in your desire,. but you are singing, move my heart.. My heart is blighted.. I wept.. I told her, definitely Krishna will bless you.. Next day, again and again I gave.. No bhajan.. Then I went inside and laughed.. I went inside and laughed.. I went inside and laughed.. I went inside and laughed.. Krishna really blessed.. Krishna really blessed.. Krishna really blessed.. Krishna really blessed.. 

Because he was moved.. Because he was moved by the desire.. 

I told, even though your devotion is with a desire,. but Krishna is moved with your song, He escaped from desires.. That is why you will be blessed.. Maybe desire, maybe there..but that devotion is very sweet. That Bhajan

But in that case, it is very easy.. That is bhajan.. Jnana dana Radha Jeevana. Jnana dana Radha Jeevana. Gopalana Gopi Ranjana. Gopalana Gopi Ranjana. He maa dana heya dana dana. He maa dana heya dana dana. He maa dana heya dana dana. He maa dana heya dana dana. He maa dana heya dana dana. He maa dana heya dana dana. Thank you.. 

The song ended with an appointment.. 

It is like.. there is a story.. A big scholar went to a king.. and he was..The king was very much pleased with his scholarlyness and all that.. poetry and scholarlyness.. He was very much pleased.. The king asked..'what do you want? I want to give a gift'. The scholar told, 'today morning, my towel for taking bath, that rat spoiled that towel.. I want one towel'. The king wanted to give golden necklace, diamond, golden ornaments, diamonds.. Lot of wealth he wanted to give.. He was so much impressed.. and this fellow asks... one towel.. It is a problem for taking bath.. That rat has spoiled that towel.. 


Bhojanandeshya Rajendra.. 

I tell a story also. in this context.. I think you all know.. One son came and started pressing the feet of the father. He wanted 1000 rupees from the father for some luxury, some enjoyment, pitty enjoyment, like cinema, something, something like that.. For one hour he continuously pressed. The father was so much pleased, oh he is pressing my feet with love, pure love, aspiration less love, with true love on me, he is pressing the feet. Then he thought, the father thought, 'tomorrow I shall call the advocate'. He is the owner of property of several crores. All my property, I shall write a will with the help of that advocate. 'All my property I shall give that property to the son. Tomorrow I shall call the advocate'. That he was thinking. 

Then the son told, father, if you are pleased. with my service, I want 1000 rupees. 'For what purpose?' he asked. For some, going..some pleasure.. He told, the pleasures are not good for health. So I am not giving that 1000 rupees. That thousand ruppess were denied and also this will also, he lost the idea. He is not prepared to write the will. How that desire spoils the entire thing, just like a drop of poison spoils the milk of the....pot of milk.....whole big pot of milk.

Poison drop mixed with the milk, the whole milk has become poison. You cannot separate the milk from poison. It is mere milk. Same milk, mere milk, if it is mixed with sugar, it will be far far better. So mere milk is better than poisoned milk and sugar milk is better than mere milk. Is it not? So worldly desire mixed with devotion. is like poisoned milk. Simply desire is like mere milk. But desire mixed with, for God.. that is sugar milk. Sugar milk is better than milk and milk is better than poisoned milk.. I gave that simile in the morning answer. The Karma.. Abhyasa and karma and..Jnana sahitha karma. 

The abhyasa means the practice or action mixed with ignorance. You are blindly doing a practice. You don't have knowledge of that practice. You don't have the aim of that practice. That aim of the practice is only to have some pleasures, worldly pleasures.. That is doing Yajna. Doing Yajna to go to heaven. Kamya Yajna. There also you are doing that Yajna not properly. Everything is twisted, everything is misinterpreted way. You are doing that Yajna. Burning the ghee in the fire. So that is Abhyasa. Abhyasa means 'Ajnana Sahitha Karma'. Practice - action mixed with ignorance. Then mere karma is better than that Abhyasa and jnana sahitha karma, the action mixed with knowledge is better than mere karma. Jnatva kurvita karmani. Sugar milk, like sugar milk..

01:04:40 →
Thrylokya asked:-
Swami, What is the example for ignorance mixed action and pure action?. 

Swami said:-
Ignorance mixed action. See, Yajna is to be done. Yajna means cooking food with ghee, and worshipping the Sadguru and other devotees. Giving this ghee fried food... to sacrifice this ghee fried food in the hunger fire, Vaishvanaragi of the Sadguru. That is jnana sahitha karma, milk mixed with sugar. So here, poisoned milk is..poisoned milk is... doing the same Yajna in a spoiled way., in a misinterpreted way. Agni...Fire means hunger fire in the actual jnana sahitha karma. But, here they take physical fire as the agni. Ajnana sahita karma.  And they take the ghee fried food, ghee fried food is called as ghee. 
ghṛtam - ghṛtānnam

Doctor says, "don't take much oil". Means oily food..avoid oily foods. 'I don't drink oil..' Oil means oily food. So, here they took oil, the ghee as ghee. Ghee is not ghee. Ghee is ghee fried food.. The possessor of an item is called by the name of the item. Suppose a seller of apples is going.."oh apples! come". You are calling apples. Apples means seller of apples is called by the name of.. the item, possessed by the, possessor. Possessor is called by the name of the possessed item.. That is Lakshanartha. That is called as Lakshanartha. So, here they have taken the physical fire is used to cook the food. And after cooking the food, that food is to be burnt in the hunger fire of the hungry people, hungry guests. They have taken hunger fire, the possessor of the hunger fire is also called as hunger fire...fire. In Vedas it is... when... who is that?...Naciketa... When Naciketa goes to Yama's house, for three days he was not supplied with food. He fasted for three days.. 

--
sa yo rātryatrayo'vāsīdatigṛhe

You have fasted for the last three nights. That is what Yama says to Naciketa.. Then Naciketa is told, 

vaiśvānaraḥ praviśaty atithir brāhmaṇo gṛhaan

This Naciketa is the Vaishvanara fire.. Possessor of Vaishvanara fire is called by as Vaishvanara fire.. Possessor of apples is called as apples. Possessor of Vaishvanara fire is also called as Vaishvanara fire.. That is fire. So you must supply ghee to the fire. That is the sentence. Here in the literal sense.. you must supply the ghee to the physical fire. That is the Vaachaartha, literal sense.. But implied sense is, ghee means food possessed, possessing ghee is called as ghee.. Possessor of apples is called as apples. Similarly, fire means possessing the hunger fire is called as fire.. It is not physical fire. It is hunger fire. Here it is not ghee. It is food possessed with the ghee.. So you supply the food possessed with the ghee to a hungry person, hungry guest, to that fire.. He is having a hunger fire. So he is fire. So these people, what they thought?. Instead of taking implied sense, they have taken the literal sense.. He means he. Fire means that fire. Put the ghee in that fire. Burn it.. That is called as Abhyaasa. Abhyaasa means tradition. My father did like that. My grandfather did like that.. My grand grandfather did like this. So let me do. That is called the Abhyaasa, blind tradition.. In which the karma - action is mixed with ignorance.. Because neither fire is understood as hungry person, nor ghee is understood as food possessing ghee.. That is ignorance only. Not knowing the implied sense is Ajnaana only.. 

Lakshanartha, Ajnaanam, Ajnaanam. Not knowing the Lakshanartha - implied sense is ignorance.. So the performance of Yajna, sacrifice is with ignorance.. Then this misinterpretation is the poisonedmilk. Same Yajna, that is same milk, mere karma. That is mere milk. When it is mixed with sugar, the fire is taken as the person possessing hunger fire and the ghee is taken as the food possessing ghee.. And it is supplied to the fire. Fire means hunger fire. Hunger fire means the possession of the hunger fire.. 

--

Here the Rig Veda mantra says that the fire is burning the food and is also supplying the food.. Agnim hotāram. Two words He has given. Agni. Agni means fire. Receiving the food, receiving the ghee.. That is ghee food and he is also the same Agni. He is supplying the food, this ghee. How it can supply it? It is inert.. Human being priest is supplying the ghee to the fire. But the fire is said to be the supplier of food also.. Not only Havaniyya, inert fire, but also the Hota, supplier of the ghee. How the inert fire can become supplier as well as receiver? That applies when the hungry person is eating the food.. He is supplying the food, he is Hota, and that is burnt in the hunger fire. It is how it is also receiver. So the Yajna is milk, mere milk. With bad interpretation it is poisoned milk. With good interpretation it is sugar mixed milk.. Swami here mere milk means how to do that Yajna? Is it feeding people or is it pouring ghee?. 

--
Everything karma, action. Practice. Practical thing, action. Mere action.. 

Then this also, Abhyaasa also mere action.. 

Abhyasa is not mere action. With twisted meaning, with wrong meaning it is interpreted.. The fire is taken as the physical fire - receiver. Ghee is taken as the, ghee fried food is taken as ghee.. And putting the ghee in the physical fire, burning the ghee in the physical fire is the poison.. This is misinterpreted meaning is the poison.. The same action, same sacrifice, mixed with misinterpreted poisonous interpretation is Abhyaasa.. That is done by Purvamiimamsakas and Shankara condemned that.. 

Shankara condemned the poisoned milk. So what they thought, Shankara condemned both milk and poison.. Shankara condemned only poison. But He condemned, He has to condemn the poisoned milk.. Because the poison is mixed with milk. Poison cannot be isolated from milk.. He did not condemn the milk. He condemned only the poison.. 

--
So He condemned AJnaana but He did not condemn Karma.. 

He did not condemn Karma.. If He has condemned Karma, why He appreciated the Kumarila Bhatta who is Jnana Karma Samuchayavada,. that is the milk mixed with sugar is appreciated by Shankara.. That means He is not rejecting mere milk. He is rejecting only the poison. But since poison cannot be isolated from that milk, that poisoned milk, he rejected.. This poisoned milk should be rejected. He is not against the milk. He is against the poison only.. 

Wonderful Swami. 

Again there is poison milk. So Shankara has again come back.. 

That is what I mean. It is a simile.. Just a similie. 

--
Swami, I have a doubt Swami. My doubt is that Swami mari ee Ramayanam lo Ashwamedha Yagam chesaru ani vinna Swami. Adi naaku ardam kaledu. Ante Krishnudu Krishnudiga ochi..

You see Ramayanam lo aneka mainatvanti prakshipta slokalu unnai. Ante inserted shlokas by others..prakshipta..aneka shlokalu prakshiptam chesaru. Smritullo, Etihaasallo, Aa Ashwamedha Yagam ela cheyyali anetwantidi prakshiptam chesaru..ee etheists em chesaru ante dantlo konni slokalu durchi, hindu matam meda chedda opinion ravali ani..aastikula meda kopam kada..Hindu matam lo unna aastikula meda nastikulaki kopam. Aa Hindu mataanni cheda kottali. Cheda kottaaniki etlanti slokalu durcharu. Aswamedham ante.. Aswam ante indriyan - senses.

indriyāṇi hayān āhuḥ 

Indriyamulane asmamulu antaru. Medha ante pavitrata. Ee endriyamulanu pavitrikaranam cheyyadame Aswamedham.

Daaniki em chestarante - 'piṣṭapaśuvu'
Pindi toti gurranni teyaru chesi, pindi bommanu, danni katti thoti cut chestrau. piṣṭapaśuvu. Ante aa piṣṭapaśuvu, ee pindi tho teyaru chesina gurram, indriyamulaku pratika - representative model. Ee indriyamulanu control cheyyadamane denni, daani representative model meda practical ga, oka psychological, practical edi chesi, aa psychological inspiration teppinchadaniki, aa piṣṭapaśuvuni kathi tho kostaru. Aa pindi pasuvunu. Actual gurranni koyyadam kaadu...traning..oka inspiration teppinchadaniki..Indriyalanu control chesukovali. Vedam spastanga cheppindi. 'Manyuh Paśuḥ' - Nee murkhatvame pasuvu. Murkhatvanni koyyali kani Yajnam lo pasuvuni kaadu. 'kāmājyam' - ne koorikani aa Agni lo mandinchali anthe kaani neyyini kaadu. Spastanga cheptundi vedam - 'Manyuh Paśuḥ kāmājyam'

Vellu tunnulu tunnulu ... enta precious food adi? Bhagavatudu..

*unclear*

Paalu, paalu nunchi perugu, perugu nunchi chilikite venna.. entha..venna neyyi, neuron sense ni produce cheyyadaniki source anta adi. Neurons - Jnaanam - awareness. Awareness ni produce cheyyadaniki fatty acids kaavali. Neurons fatty acids tho cheyyabadatai. Precious food, adi paapam beeda vallaki iste, vallaki kasta intelligence perugutundi. Vallaki baaga chaduvu ostundi. Danni teesuku poyyi nippu lo posi, danto oche twanti carbon dioxide, methane ee gasulanni, pollution srustinchi, global warming ochhi, vaanaku padakunda chestai. Yajnam valla vaanalu padatam kaadu, pade vaanani aapadam. 

*unclear*

--
Swami.

.. In Buddhism, Buddha taught us the knowledge of Vedic Dharma.. Yes, Buddha is the one who taught us.. Ramo Ramasya Budhasya Buddha Kalikirevaja. Ramo Ramasya Krishnasya Buddha Kalikirevaja. Buddha taught us the knowledge of Vedic Dharma.. Buddha taught us the knowledge of Vedic Dharma.. Is it the same as our Krishna taught us?. Where is the Buddha?. If you say that Hindu taught us the knowledge of Vedic Dharma,. then our Lord Krishna is the one who taught us.. All the other Gopas are devotees.. They are hungry.. They can't eat.. He practically showed us the knowledge.. To spoil the knowledge is like spoiling the Gopis.. He spoilt the knowledge too.. He gave a fight to the Gopis like he gave a victory to the Gopis.. He gave a fight to the Gopis by testing them with the knowledge of Vedic Dharma.. I said it as a joke.. They said it as a joke.. But he really did it.. He tested them with the knowledge of Vedic Dharma and gave them a fight.. He gave a fight to the people who gave the knowledge of Vedic Dharma.. So, the Buddha taught us the knowledge of Vedic Dharma.. Why did Buddha teach us the knowledge of Vedic Dharma?. We are not even talking about Hinduism.. Why did Buddha teach us the knowledge of Vedic Dharma?. Yes, Swami.. Thank you, Swami.. Thank you, Swami.. Okay.. Even the Gopis who were taught by Lord Krishna when they were young,. they were taken care of by the people.. Yes, but they have names like Lalitha, Swati, Vishaka.. Vishaka.. They were raised by Lord Krishna.. They were raised by Lord Krishna.. Yes, Krishna was raised by Lord Krishna.. He was also of age.. So, the language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. The language is very strong.. Did she do it?. Did she do it?. Yes.. Yes.. Two tests are All right. Yes.. 맹 Yes.. We It's called Govinda.. Govinda test.. And now we have gotten exam result.. Now we have got exam result.. Let's give a group test for each A.. What will be the average score for trump card,. Venus,. And it's a good result.. But the two tests are all right.. So are. How he touched others' lives.. Donation pariksha.. They actually fail.. See, everybody 

---
will raise objection when all the candidates fail in their test.. Then people will.. some question paper must be tough or out of syllabus.. But he did not raise that failed test, objection to the failed test.. The test in which all pass, to that he is raising objection.. Pariksit.. Passed, all passed.. 

First class.. 

First class, distinction.. Not... 100 out of 100. But he is asking why, why he has asked.. Because he is also a soul.. He knows the easiness of this test, difficulty of this.. Suppose he is asked to face the putreshana and dhanesha test.. He also failed.. That is why he kept silent.. Every soul will fail.. Let us not.. This everybody will pass.. There he attacked.. 

So he wanted to be over smart.. 

---
Ah, over smart.. So that is the very Pariksit question itself is meaningless.. He should have raised the failed test.. See, in this all failed.. Question paper must be tough.. Question paper must contain very difficult questions.. Or out of syllabus questions.. Like that he should raise in the failed test.. But he raised the objection about the passed test.. In which every candidate got 100 out of 100.. He didn't raise objection on that.. So his question itself is meaningless question.. 

You gave a wonderful example of examiner and a doctor doing delivery.. 

Yes, yes.. He did it.. See, who ran for the examination?. The teacher did not ran.. Examiner did not.. Students in the Ramaavatara in the Incarnation of Rama, they went and asked "You test that Daareshana". They did not ask for Dhaneshana and Putreshana.. Because they thought, " Aha that is a very easy test.. Everybody will pass..". That is very difficult test.. But all failed in Dhaneshana and Putreshana only.. These sages thought that is very difficult test.. You please test.. "No, no, no, no, that is very easy test.. Everybody will pass.. you be born as a real gopikas.. Then I will put all the three tests.. 

Final examination.. 

Final examination contains whole syllabus.. Anual examination.. Quarterly examination syllabus.. Half year examination syllabus.. Plus third term.. Total three.. strongest bonds.. He has tested. So there He is the examiner.. He is not seeker of knowledge.. He is asking questions to you for the correct answers.. You are thinking that he does not know the answer.. And He is asking you.. He wants to learn from you.. As examiner, He is concentrating only on the examination system.. Pass or fail.. Only He is concentrating on that.. Not on this romance.. For that I gave that example of doctor in olden days.. Male doctors, female doctors were not there.. Sometime back..old age.. When a female undergoes delivery as to give birth to a child.. Male doctors used to do the delivery.. Sometime back.. Some generations back.. That his concentration is only on the delivery of the child.. Without any harm to the mother and the child.. The child should come out.. And so that they will pay the fees.. Also they will respect.. They will thank him.. That is his concentration.. 

As examiner He is testing the Dhaneshana, Putreshana and Daareshana.. When he is delivering the child, you think.."Ey, you are touching the private parts of that lady.. So you have some romantic feeling". It is a diversion.. He is not.. If He is concentrating on that and the delivery fails.. Then He will be scolded.. He will be beaten.. He will not be given fees.. So Krishna's concentration is on the test.. Not for romance.. 

If He wants romance, the heaven angels will come in queue.. He can create the most unimaginable, beautiful lady.. He Himself can create.. Narayana, when He made a line on His lap.. Like this.. Urvashi came from there.. 'Uru'.. Uru means lap.. From the lap, Urvashi was born.. So does He want romance? And He was lying on milk ocean.. Does He steal milk? 

Excellent Swami!

He was having only the examiner attitude.. Because in Ramavatara they pressed Him like anything.. That is why as soon as He was born, He conducted those tests.. That is the primary work of His incarnation.. Dharma saṁsthāpan is everywhere.. In every avatara it is done.. Matsya avatara, Kūrma avatara, Narasimha avatara.. Everywhere it is done.. This is a very special case.. Very delicate thing.. Since He conducted that examination, gave the results correctly.. That is why He is called as Paripurna avatara.. Very difficult to understand.. Otherwise the God will be blamed.. There is every possibility of blaming the God.. That He conducted very correctly and before conducting that test, He also showed several miracles.. Telling that I am God, don't imitate.. Nobody shall imitate.. He lifted the Govardhana mountain with His finger.. So that is why when I wrote GopiGita, I told them to put Krishna with mountain on this finger.. So that if anybody comes, "I am Krishna.. Lift the mountain.." Then they will say, "Uregntly..very urinal. I will come later on.. Not..urgent" 

There also you are showing the.. So all this..meaningless..foolishness.. That is why Narada in the Bhakthisutra's wrote.. 

----

"Na Tatrapi.. Mahā-prajñānaṁ viśmṛty-apavādaḥ"

All gopikas know that He is God.. That is why they danced with Him.. They don't have ignorance.. They know that He is god.. That is why they danced with Him..Next sutra.. 

"Tad-vihīnam jaraṇam iva."

If that recognition of God about Krishna is not there in gopikas, then they will go to hell.. That is the sin.. They must go to hell.. Krishna will not go to hell.. Because He is only examining.. You cannot say Krishna should go to hell.. Actually both should go to hell.. In the case of human being.. Violating the rule.. He is not doing with that view.. If these people, if these gopikas did dance with Him with that view, with sinful view, with lust, hormonal provoked lust.. Then Tad-vihīnam jaraṇam iva.. They will go to hell.. That is not their attitude.. Because intention is devotion.. Intention is not lust.. Why lust will be there? They are sages.. Even heavenly dancers when they came, they cursed them.. Their penance was not disturbed by Rambha, Urvashi, Menaka, Tilottama.. They cursed them.. They won.. They burned their lust in penance fire.. How they can have lust?. They have devotion.. Only due to devotion they danced with Him.. 

So when intention, intention only brings the result to action.. Suppose a father hugs his own daughter and kisses daughter due to his love on the issue and same lady, suppose a rapist rowdy comes and hugs and kisses her.. Same action in both cases? Action is same.. But here father is appreciated for his love to his child.. There he goes to hell.. Even the government courts they will punish him.. Even here as well as there he will be punished.. But same action.. Why this difference in the result of both?. Because intention is different.. So their intention is not lust because they are sages.. They have already burned their lust in the penance fire.. Their intention is only devotion to God.. Just like the father hugging his own issue.. Like that devotion only.. Like that.. Those two sutras are meant for this.. 

Jara vacha.. 

How you should love God?. With what intensity of love you should be after God?. Then he searches for an example in the whole world.. What example he got you know? Narada..sage Narada?. A lady having illegal relationship with somebody.. How much she loves that illegal fellow.. with such love you should love God.. See intensity, no better example he found.. One day one fellow came to My father.. My father is an astrologer.. Very famous in Andra Pradesh.. He told My father, "sir, your name is increasing, your fame is increasing like sin" His intention is not... appreciate only my father.. As sin is increasing very fastly, your fame is increasing.. So even though it is a bad example, but in the intensity that is the highest example.. 

Whenever a simile is given, you need not take the simile in all aspects.. Your face is like moon.. Face is like moon only in one aspect.. Your face is pleasant as the moon.. Not in all other aspects.. Moon has black dots.. Your face is .... Moon grows in the Shukla paksha.. In Krishna paksha. In Amavasya it disappears.. Your face doesn't disappear.. Moon is eclipsed by Rahu and Ketu.. Your face is not eclipsed by Rahu and Ketu.. Only in one quality simile is taken that is called as Ekabhagopama.. Ekabhagopama, only one aspect.. That is in the intensity.. The intensity of love there is the highest.. Only for that intensity point he has given the example.. Because it is Ekabhagopama.. It need not have other properties.. similarities in other properties.. 

That is Purnopama.. 

-----
That is Purnopama.. This is Ekabhagopama.. And for that I give a story also.. King Bhoja came in disguise to see how the people are living in his kingdom.. He sat on the..
Arugu antare bayata..
There he sat.. That lady, that family lady, a crow came and sounded 'ka ka' like that.. The lady was afraid and ran into the house.. "Are What is this?. For crow sound she feared and ran into the house.. Something must be there.. Let me observe what happens.." He slept in the night on the outside of the house.. Then in the midnight she made her husband to sleep.. Took Laaja.. Laaja means Murmurulu.. puffed rice.. Two hands.. And she left the house in the midnight.. Went to Narmada river.. crossed the Narmada river.. In Narmada the crocodiles are more.. So she puts one handful Murmura.. The crocodiles will go to catch those.. Then she will cross.. Then she spent the time with her illegal relationship.. And returning back the second handful rice to cross the Narmada river.. for crocodiles.. 

--
This Bhoja has seen.. Next day he came to the court.. Sabha.. Then he gave a samasya.. samasya means. 

Deva kākatarurbhetaḥ.

A lady was frightened with the sound of crow in the daytime.. He gave the samasya..First line..Deva kākatarurbhetaḥ. Nobody could understand this.. Only Kalidasa could understand..Kalidasa stood and told.. 

Rātrau tarati narmadām.

She is crossing the Narmada river in the night time.. Then Bhoja told the third line.. 

Tatra sandhi jale grāhaḥ.

But in Narmada river several crocodiles are present.

Salajjā saiva sundarī.

She has two.. In the two both hands she has that puffed rice. So, that is how he has taken that example for intensity.. Because there in illegal relationship there is obstruction.. No it is not good.. You should not do.. Then intensity will increase.. Somebody says it is not good.. Don't go there.. Then anxiety will increase.. Somebody says it is good.. you do..There is no anxiety.. That is human tendency..like that.. So much background for Bhakti.. Madhura Bhakti.. So much background.. and finally I found the females their eyes have gone to the... top of the head.. And therefore thrylokya told You are a mad fellow.. Stone in the hand of mad fellow.. We don't know which side He will throw.. When He will throw this stone to which side.. One day You raised madhura Bhakti to sky.. And now You blasted it completely.. I told, "you see by word, by mind that devotion is common to males and females..But they have this body cannot be surrendered to God because they are males." Is it not? There they failed. that females have that facility.. They don't have that facility.. Then I told you compare Gopika's surrendering bodies to Krishna, God.. You compare monkeys surrendering their bodies in the war on behalf of Rama.. Prepared for torture with the opposite weapons and prepared for death.. The Gopika's surrendered bodies for getting some pleasure.. 

Ātmanastu kāmāya sarvam priyam bhavati

That is already told.. They got some pleasure from God.. But here there is no pleasure.. Death will come.. And torture will come with the opposite weapons.. So what are Gopika's before those monkeys?. Then thrylokya told, "You are a mad fellow.. Your knowledge is like a stone present in the hand of a mad fellow.. We don't know to which direction He will throw, to which side He will throw.. Nobody knows.. One day you put the madhura Bhakti at the top most.. That is why Goloka.. Higher than Brahma Loka is given to Gopikas.. So higher than highest fruit.. Like that You raised.." Yes. I raised as long as the eyes are in this level.. But when the eyes go there, I must bring it down the eyes.. Recent thing, recent knowledge. I brought that.. 

Yes Swami. Excellent Swami.

Initially You said that madhura Bhakti is very much misunderstood.. That is why I raised.. 

Ha..there..Because in initial stage it was misunderstood.. It is one of the best ways..sages have done. It is one of the best ways.. That does not mean other best ways are not present.. See gold medals from various departments are equal.. In history department you got gold medal, in politics department he is  got gold medal.. Both are equal.. So Brahma Loka, Goloka and Dattasevaka Loka, these three are equal.. Gold medalist from different departments.. 

Excellent Swami.

Like that Datta's knowledge...that is Sarvajna.. Sarvajna means He knows everything.. He knows how to raise the ego and how to down the ego.. 

And that is always understood by everybody also.. *naluguriki ardam ayye language*

Yes.. That is the fundamental characteristic of God Datta.. God Datta, 

Prajnana ghanaha 

He is called as embodiment of knowledge.. Solidified knowledge.. Ghanah means solid.. See you cannot see the gaseous state.. Liquid you can see but it is moving.. But solid, standard, static you can see very clearly for a long time.. So in solid state clarity is highest.. Standard also.. That static nature is always present.. It is always static.. It won't move.. It is more clear than liquid.. So He is called as prajnana ghanaha.. The knowledge is solidified.. He is God Datta.. Solidified means in His knowledge everywhere clarity will be the maximum.. Without clarity, what is the use of preaching?. See when there is no clarity in the knowledge that means the preacher himself has no clarity about the subject.. He is confused.. He is not having clear knowledge about the topic which he is preaching to others.. So like that clarity.. 

Swami Sarvajna, Sarvavit. Not only that Swami.. Not only prajnana ghanaha..Sarvajna, Sarvavit also Swami.

Ha. Sarvajna, Sarvavit, Sarvashakthimaan, omnipotent. Asalu one omnipotent is sufficient.. That adjective is sufficient.. Other things are not necessary.. Omnipotent means omniscient.. Omnipotent means without being omnipresent he is omniscient.. That is due to omnipotence.. So one adjective omnipotence is sufficient.. Omnipresent and omniscient are not necessary.. They are automatically resulting due to omnipotence.. So that one adjective is sufficient.. Sarvashakthimaan.. 

--
That is what the spiritual discussion between Arya Samajaya and Sanatana Dharma took place in Maha kumbhamela..prayaga.. There Karapatra Swami came.. And the debate is going on for some five days.. Between Ari Samajis and Sanatana Dharma people.. I closed the debate in five minutes.. I just put one question to Ari Samajaya.. scholars.. 
 
Ishwarah Sarva Shakthiman va nava?
 
Because vada is taken in Sanskrit language.. So I asked him.. Is God omnipotent or not?. They say omnipotent.. Ishwara Sarvashakthimaan.. Even Arya Samajaya Dayanada Saraswati says.. Ishwara Sarvashakthimaan.. Then?. Is he... that means He possesses all powers.. Then is He possessing the power to incarnate or not?. He is possessing the power to incarnate.. Then there should be no objection for His incarnation.. If we say He is not.. they are against incarnations.. If he says He is not having that power, then He cannot be omnipotent.. All powers present except that one power.. 99 powers are present.. 100 are not present.. One is less.. Then how He can be omnipotent?. 

Then he told.. No, no, He is omnipotent.. But He is not taking the incarnation.. Not unable to take the incarnation.. But He does not want to take incarnation.. Like that he came.. Then I told.. The devotees are praying for the incarnation.. They want to have Sambhashana, Darshana, Sparshana, Sambhashana, Sahavaasa.. They are praying.. And God is very kind.. Devotees are praying for that.. Why you are standing in between God and the devotees?. Like ambika darbar batti?.. He has the power to incarnate.. They are praying Him to incarnate.. They want to see Him.. They want to talk with Him.. They want to touch Him by doing Pada Namaskaram.. They want to live with Him.. They are praying.. And He has that power.. Why should we object like a priest between God and a devotee?. 

pujari madhyalo velu pettinattu?

Why do you object?. There is a need.. High, very high devotees.. They are praying.. for that. They want that. He is capable of that. Will He refuse the desire of...on what basis He is refusing? Suppose you say He is refusing, for what purpose? Meaningless. Closed. Topic is closed.. First Ishwarah Sarva Shakthiman va nava? Is He omnipotent or not? They don't know what I am going to play next. They told, "hey, Ishwarah Sarva Shakthiman. He is Omnipotent." All the four or five scholars, they shouted, Ishwarah Sarva Shakthiman.. Then is He having the potency, power to incarnate or not? If you say that He has no power to incarnate, He is not Sarva Shakthiman. He is not having all powers. All powers but except one power. That will not be Omnipotency. If you say that He has the power, there is a need devotees are praying, requesting. He is very kind Lord. He is very kind to devotees.. He always do...He will do anything for the sake of devotees. Such a need is there and He is potent, He is capable. Why you are objecting in between? Why you are standing in between God and devotee and objecting?

And the debate ended in

5 minutes. They did not know, when I put that first question, they did not know what is the next question. They did not expect.

Expect the unexpected

Yes. Then, Karpatra Swamiji, he was so much pleased. He embraced Me and told, "I will give sanyasa to You. You become the Peethadhipati of Kashi Peetham". Kashi Shankara Peetam is the master of all the other four Peetas. Because Shankaracharya written Bhashya, commentaries only in Kashi. Then the Peetas, Karpatra Swamiji, he is the author, he is Peethadhipati.. As successor. Then I wrote to My father. Such a good opportunity came.. 

At the age of?

At the age of 17. 16 completed. Then My father wrote, "You stop that education, come back to home. I will not agree to You to take sanyasa because You are my eldest son". Eldest son is responsible for all the pitrukarmas you know when the parents die. He is the adhikari actually. Karta is only the eldest son. The other brothers only just they follow, they assist only. They just follow only. The main karta is the jesta putraha. The first eldest son. Objected. Then, I dropped from that idea. Yes. Then I wept for that. Then God Datta appeared and told "why You are weaping?". "I missed that golden chance and Moreover I studied this bloody science in which I am not interested. I am interested in Sanskrit and philosophy. You did not allow Me to go in that line. You brought Me in this science line which I don't like at all. I like only philosophy and Sanskrit. Why You forced Me into this line?" Then He told, He gave the explanation. "Sanskrit You have studied in every previous birth You are a scholar in sanskrit. Now the need is You have to teach the philosophy, spiritual knowledge to scientists,. not the Sanskrit scholars. The whole world is full of scientists. Even arts subjects also can be called science, political science like that, social science. So science is everywhere.. So You must study science. You have to preach spiritual knowledge to scientists, not to old Sanskrit scholars. 

There are no Sanskrit scholars also now. Very little. Very countable on fingers. Minority. That is why I made You to study science". Actually since I studied. science, I could tell that the trees do not have awareness, nervous system and brain.. They have only respiration. Pranamayakosha. Taking oxygen leaving carbon dioxide. It is not the real awareness of life. Not real life. It is called as life. Pranamayakosha. But not Manomayakosha. They are not undergoing pain. See this answer I could give only because I studied botany, Geology, Chemistry in B.Sc.. 

Swami, You only have only created all of them in the beginning

It is all right you see. 

--
Swami, I presented paper from awareness in plants. They are arguing that they have..

They have life. Yes. But see Bohr's theory was not accepted by  all world scientists. He was not accepted by several scientists. He was not accepted.. See life means, you take life means only respiration which is a mechanical process. It has no awareness.. Trees are living beings. Animals are also living beings. But animals are living beings with awareness. Trees are living beings without awareness. Life.. that, word life there means only mechanical respiration process. It is not nervous system and brain. So.. real life is awareness. Not the mechanical respiration. See we can prepare life system in the laboratory.. You can take a chemical reaction taking place in a vessel. You can send oxygen through one tube. That reaction takes place. Carbon dioxide is emitted. That you can take out from another tube. You have created pranamayakosa in the laboratory. But you cannot create awareness. 

Super Swami. Super Swami. Wonderful.

You cannot create awareness. By any experiment you cannot create awareness.. 

Swami a person in coma state is as good as a plant. Can we consider that? 

Good as plant means his brain nervous system is not working. That is why he is in coma state. Like a plant.. Like a plant. It is called *unclear* state. Provided he is taking respiration. On ventilation.. Even on ventilation. Here the point is respiration is in plants. Respiration is in animals also. But in addition to respiration there is a nervous system in animals. That nervous system is the absente in plants.. 

Then I asked from Mahabharata Swami. *unclear* debate is there. And they established that there are senses in the plants. *unclear* In fact they are the interpolated.. 

You see the insertions. Somebody will say Parvati Uvacha, Shiva Uvacha. Parvati told like this..In Tantra Granthas, Always Kalabhairava Uvacha, Shiva Uvacha, Parvati Uvacha. Like that...Insertions. In the name of Parvati and Shiva they write. Then it will be accepted. Because Parvati asked Shiva replied. Must be true. That is insertions. That you need not worry. Have you taken audio video cassette when Parvati asked and Shiva replied? So science helped Me in that way. See while telling the human incarnation has both human nature as well as the God's nature, divine nature. I took the example of electron. Electron has both wave nature and particle nature. Dual nature of electron. Human incarnation I compared to the single phase system in which two components are present. God component, human being component. But phase is single.. Human being only is seen. God component is not seen. So single phase in which two components are present. 

See gold and copper are mixed. But it looks as gold only. 22 carats gold looks like gold. Unless you put microscope and see gold atoms are different from copper atoms. Spectrograph like that. So therefore while giving examples I could give many scientific examples. Because I studied science. That free energy explanation *unclear* and that first law of thermodynamics also. Q is equal to delta E plus W. 

karmaṇy-evādhikāras te mā phaleṣhu kadācana

and reaction kinetics 

"Jñāna Devata Kaivalyam"

Jnaana gives the final fruit. Because acquiring Jnaana is the slowest step. Slowest step of the reaction determines the whole time of the reaction.. Then once knowledge is obtained the Bhakti is spontaneous. Karma yoga is spontaneous..fruit is spontaneous. So the first step took 10 minutes. The other three steps are spontaneous. They took 10 minutes one second. In one second the other three steps are completed. So the overall reaction time is only 10 minutes. The time taken by the first step is the overall time of the entire reaction. That is why He told Jñāna Devata Kaivalyam. By spiritual knowledge you will get Kaivalyam. That means when you get full spiritual knowledge automatically spontaneously you get devotion. Spontaneously you will get practical devotion. Spontaneously you will get fruit. The first step is very difficult. Slowest step. Acquiring the correct and complete knowledge. So Jñāna Devata Kaivalyam. Like that it can be supported. It does not mean that theoretical devotion, practical devotion and fruit are absent. straightly the Jnaana is giving the final product. The second step and third step are spontaneous. Their time is not considered at all. It looks as if as soon as the first step of the reaction is over, the fruit has come. It looks like that. So Jñāna Devata Kaivalyam is justified. That is why Shankara told like that. I could support Shankara by the reaction kinetics. 

That is why..then He also told the reason for Him to obstruct Me from the sanyasa, becoming Kashi Peethadhipati. He told the reason is if You become Kashi Peethadhipati only some four or five Sanskrit scholars will become to You and as Shankara Peethadhipati You cannot support Ramanuja Madhva etc. You have to support only Shankara. You have to always scold Ramanuja and Madhva. That is the rule of the Peetham. Is it not? So how can You propagate the universal spirituality? In Hinduism itself You cannot oppose the sub-religions. How can You unite the religions of the entire world? That is why He stopped that. 

---
*unclear* He will do as for His work, He is very attentive in His work. But when we ask some fruit then He will become angry. His work He is very alert. If you ask salary He will become irritated. If you show interest in His work He is  very much pleased. Not like that. He has given lot of money. Lot of. Unimaginable amount He has given. Because He never tells a lie. 

"Nenu vere margam lo ista ga"

That is the sentence told by Him. He has given. Unimaginable amount. I should not speak because if the news goes to some income tax people I will be in trouble. No always I was going back.. I will not do this full time. I will do some job. In leisure time I will do this. I am doing from the beginning like this only. Now also I will do. I don't want anything for doing Your work. I don't want any fruit from You for Your work. I will work for My expenses, for My family expenses. I will work and earn. In leisure time I will dedicate to you. That is what I told. Thinking as if He doesn't have any money. He is a poor fellow. That is why... see very difficult for You to pay. Let Me earn my livelihood. I will do free service to You. And He told, "No No. You must do full time work. I will give in a different way. I will give"

Vere maargam lo ista ga

--
That is what He told and He did it. He did it kuda correct kaadu... When He told that statement, the whole nature rearranged to fulfill His statement. It is not He wished and did some work for that arrangement. When the sentence came from His mouth it has to be done by the nature. 

Ardaṁ vāgudvavavati
Vācaṁ madhyālalāvati

We always speak as per the situation But when He speaks the situation follows His speech. Our speech will be following the situation. What is the actual. going on? We will study and then speak accordingly. Our speech follows the situation whereas the situation follows His speech. That is the difference between God and soul..

Alaukikāṇām sādhunām
Arthaṁ vāgudvavatyapi
Alaukikāṇām sādhunām
Vācaṁ madhyālalāvati

That I the really experienced. Once statement came from His mouth it will done like anything.. And the nature does the work with such a speed, tremendous speed. The work will be done with tremendous speed because He is the ultimate God. He is that unimaginable God expressed all first energetic incarnation and the definition of God completely applies in Him.. 

Ekaṃ eva advitīyaṃ brahma

He is only one. He does creation, maintenance and destruction of the world. These two are the definitions of the God. Even janmādyasya yatah in the Brahma Sutras. This is only given as definition.. This definition of God contains two aspects, two points. One is He is one. He does all the three works, creation, ruling and destruction. These two points exactly visibly apply in Him. He is one person only. So Ekaṃ eva advitīyaṃ brahma that applied. He is having three faces.. With Brahma face He creates, with Vishnu face He rules, with Shiva face He destroys. Only one personality doing all the three works. That is the definition of ultimate God. 

Athāto brahma-jijñāsā

--
Brahma means ultimate God. That definition completely applies in Him.. That is why I told,. 

Tasmāt sa eva

Anya svarūpam asāmanvaye hetu muktam
Tasmāt sa eva śaraṇam mama veda-siddhaḥ

According to Vedic definition, He is proved to be the ultimate God. This explanation has. not come so far about God Datta. They say that He is born from Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva.. That is also correct. But that incarnation is called as Dattaatreya. This is Datta. Datta appeared for Atri and Anasuya. In Bhagavatam, in Ruksha paravtam, in the Ruksha mountain, both did long penance.. and Datta appeared there. First Brahma, Vishnu, Shiva appeared. Atri refused Them. God is only one. He may do all the three activities together. But God is not a board of directors of a company. He is only one. He refused...

'A tri' -->
'A' means no. 'tri'- three. 

No three. He refused. Then with three faces,. single God Datta appeared. Then Anasuya asked Him to take birth in her womb. Then Brahma born as Chandra, Vishnu born as Datta and Shiva born as Durvasa. Then Brahma and Shiva, they gave their powers. They gave all their divinities to the central Datta and Chandra went and mixed with planets, Navagrahas. Durvasa went and mixed with sages. He is a Rushi. After losing their divinities, He became a planet, He became a sage. From that time, that Datta, Dattaatreya became 'Trīmurtya'. Not by birth. That is human incarnation. But this is the first energetic incarnation which appeared to Atri and Anasuya before the birth of Dattaatreya and since Anasuya requested, He is born as three sons. So Datta is different from Dattaatreya. Datta is the original energetic incarnation, ultimate God. Dattaatreya is His human incarnation. 

Excellent Swami. Super

Datta jayanti is not the birth day of Datta. It is the birth day of Dattaatreya.. Margashira Purnima. 

Mari manam paadutuntam kada..
Shri Datta
Guru Datta
Prabhu Datta
Ante Dattudini manam..

Valleddaru okate. You see, incarnation and incarnated God Unimaginable God, both are one. They merged with each other. They become one only. That is how every incarnation is unimaginable God. unimaginable God enters every incarnation through God Datta. Because in God Datta, Unimaginable God merged. And you need not refer to Unimaginable God because He is beyond imagination. How can you refer? Only you can refer Him as the ultimate God. And here no Shaiva Matham and Vaishnava Matham. All these are absent. All the three are present and in addition Brahma is also added. It is three in one. Why should you leave Brahma? Who is the first form of God creating the world? Only Vishnu and Shiva? Only after Brahma, only Vishnu and Shiva came.. First is Brahma. You have left Brahma completely. Nobody worships Brahma. 

Yes Swami.

So all these defects are rectified. 

Vedantulu Swami, who follow Para Bramham as ultimate God

But Vedantists follow that ultimate God as Niraakara, Nirguna, who cannot be even imagined. That is what Bhagavad Gita says,

"avyaktā hi gatir duḥkhaṁ dehavadbhir avāpyate"

If you worship that Nirguna Param Brahma, you will get misery, you will get dukha only. Because you cannot imagine even. How can you worship? When you can't imagine Him, how can you worship?. He is like a naked person in the bathroom. Nobody can see Him. He only can see himself.. That is God only knows God. Brahman knows only Brahman. 

"brahmavit brahmaiva bhavati"

Nobody other than Him can see Him. He is naked in the bathroom. Only He can see Himself. He knows about Himself. No other fellow can know Him. So He became visible after dressing. That dress is medium. He became mediated God, 'Saguna Brahma'. That is N'irguna Brahmam' in the bathroom. Outside, He came as 'Saguna Brahma'. Even though He dressed, His face is seen, His palms are seen, legs are seen. Some original is also seen. Then what is that seen? We told He is unimaginable God. We are seeing His face, hands etc. What is that unimaginable expressed in God Datta?. Miracles. Miraclous powers. What are miracles? Unimaginable events. Indicating the source of unimaginable God. So unimaginable God is expressed through face, through hands, legs. 

Excellent Swami. Excellent point. 

Because by the miracles only, the unimaginable God is indicated. Unimaginable God is the source of unimaginable events called miracles.. 

As far now, I was thinking that we are Vedantis that we follow Parabrahman as ultimate God. 

Parabrahman is 

Mounavyākya prakaṭita parabrahma tatvam


only silence. Because nothing is understood. That is what He says 

avyaktā hi gatir duḥkhaṁ

In one song also I have written 

Nanu nāsti yanuvādu narakēmēgēnu 
Nirākāramarcimpa duḥkhamunu kalgu | 
Sākāramarcimci samtṛpti cemdu 
Narākāru narcimpa ānamda siddhi ||

Sahyadrivaasini..adi..

Endulo malli Jnaanam

Jnaanam lekunda asalu Dattudi notlo nunchi maate raadu. Ultimate Jnaanam. Eppudu kuda He stands for Jnaana. Guru Dattudu kada. Guru deniki prasidhi? Jnaanam evvadam ae kada Guruvu anedi. Jnaanam echhe vaadine Guruvu antaam. Aayana Guru Dattudu. So, tommidi kaavostundi. Tommidi daatindi. Paapam meru andaru ellaki ellali. Manchidi. 

Swami eeroju vishesham Swami. Swami spoke for 14 hours continously Gajanan maharaj temple in Mumbai. Today Swami broke His own record.. Today morning 7AM onwards...

See, if I don't speak the knowledge, like gases trouble, it will pain.. If I speak knowledge, then stomach is free. My brain is free. My brain acts like a stomach. Like the stomach is upset by gas, the brain is upset by knowledge. I speak, then something...like that. some relief is there.. 

So Krishnastami well ha?.. 

Yes, Swami..Excellent Swami. 

Okay. All of you.. 

Jana Gana Mana Adhinayaka 

Real Krishnastami Swami today.. 

Jnaana Yajnam... fire bath Swami... 

--
Starting only Swami said that only discussing of the spiritual knowledge itself is the real festival. 

For Krishna

That's what could happen literally.. 

Jñāna-yajñena tena aham īṣṭasya miti mematīḥ.

That's what you started, same word you started Swami. That's what happened. The real festival happened. 

That is why He told Jnaana Deepavali, Bhakti Deepavali. Deepavali is also Krishna's festival. But it should be Jnaana Deepavali and Bhakti Deepavali. Jnaana and Bhakti are one and the same. Because Jnaana, on hearing Jnaana, you develop some inspiration on God.. That inspiration is not different from Jnaana. That is what Shankara told. In Gita actually two verses came.. 

priyo hi jñānino 'tyartham Jnaani sa ca mama priyaḥ...

Another place, 

Bhaktaste’ti mame priyaḥ

Devotee is the highest in one place He told.. In another place He told, Jnaani is the highest.. Two superlatives cannot be for two objects.. Superlative is only for one object.. Then Shankara wrote, 

"Paramānanda jñāna lakṣaṇa rasa sampannām Bhakti mīcchārdaha

Jnaana and Bhakti both are one and the same.. So for the superlative only one example, one item came.. Jnaana is not different from Bhakti. Jnaana produces Bhakti.. Bhakti is inspiration, abstract.. It is always associated with Jnaana.. As you get more and more Jnaana, the more and more Bhakti will be generated.. So it is always associated with Jnaana.. So it is considered as one item only.. That is why that is superlative is only one item.. Like that He wrote the comment.. Because two things cannot be in one superlative degree.. Highest means only one.. So like that.. Jnaana gives Bhakti.. 

Thank you Swami..Giving so much of knowledge Swami... we all enjoyed Swami.. 

Very good. Very good. Krishnasami is celebrated in the best way.. 

Yes Swami. Yes Swami Excellent.. Marvelous.. All points You covered.. Every point, all points.. Explanation is excellent.. Very beautiful.. 

Babu, naaku chathanayindhi adi dhokkate.. 

Meeku Okkallake chatana avutundi. Enkevvariki chata kaadu. 

inka emi cheta kaadu adi okkate naku cheta avutundi.

Meeku Okkallake chatana avutundi. Enkevvariki chata kaadu.

Avunu adi kuda correct ae. Na okkadike chatana avutundi

Janmaniki oka Shiva ratri laga..Janmaniki oka Krishnastami edi.

Morning Rama sundari was telling this was the first Krishnashami on which Satsanga is arranged online satsanga is arranged First Krishnashami.. I told because our distinguished guest Chhanda .. 

She graced the occasion with her physical presence Swami.. 

I only speak the knowledge.. She practiced the knowledge.. She is far far greater than Me.. 

Because You preached only she could do Swami.. 

I am only speaker.. She practiced it.. 

Because You preached it so well that she could practice it.. 

But you see preaching is very easy but practicing is difficult.. *unclear* 

Swami I will borrow the words from Nikhil Sir Swami. He said "when the preacher is of highest order like God Datta, then even the lowest soul will perform in a climax way.." 
 
Excellent!. But here the preacher is the highest God Datta.. 

Practice is very difficult.. Kama Yoga is very difficult. That is the final step that is why..Everybody will learn knowledge. Everybody will get inspiration.. But nothing happens in practice.. Tusss in practice.. 

Among angels you are the highest among souls, Chhanda Ji is the highest.. 

She is not highest. I actually gave the comment, how she is possible.. That is the question which is not answered so far.. She did all Karma Phala tyaaga. All her gold and all her cash.. Then some two days back, she phoned to Me and told, second time I want to Karma Phala tyaaga.. Whatever I have in my bank balance, I want to give.. Then she told, don't tell this to anybody.. I am telling to everybody and also telling, "all of you don't tell anybody".. 

Telling that?. I am telling to everybody.. "Please, all of you..request.. Don't tell anybody.." Already our minds are blocked with the first shock.. Now she is prepared to be second shock. Even before we are cured from the first shock... 

Once Swami told, secret is always to be told once like secret only.. *unclear*

No. I was also thinking that in this Kali Yuga, though it preach the.. whatever Krishna preached.. That the Karma samnyasa, Karma Phala tyaaga, Karma Yoga, Bhakti Yoga, Jnaana Yoga, that sequence.. All that I preach.. But this one..you see, Karma Phala tyaaga means doing sacrifice of hard earned wealth.. Is it not? Yada Shakthi Yada Bhakthi Everybody does.. That is okay.. But in Gita there is one sloka.. 

sarva karma phala tyāgī sa tyāgītyabhidhīyate.

Actually, Tyaagi word should be given to the devotee who does sarva Karma Phala tyaaga.. All the earned wealth when he donates, he is called as Tyaagi. There I got doubt.. This is not possible.. Especially in Kali Yuga this is not possible.. So this line of verse in Gita should be deleted from Gita for Kali Yuga.. sarva karma phala tyāgī sa tyāgītyabhidhīyate.. Jnaanat  Karma Phala tyaagaha.. Better than meditation, Karma Phala tyaaga is better.. But Karma Phala tyaaga means Yada Shakthi Yada Bhakthi.. But there is another line in Gita.. sarva karma phala tyāgī sa tyāgītyabhidhīyate.. Who does, who sacrifices all the earned wealth, he is called as Tyaagi.. Not everybody.. Yada Shakthi Yada Bhakthi, that itself is very difficult.. Because it is practical.. Sarva Karma Phala tyaaga, Sattuprastha, Sudaama.. Only two people I see.. I don't see any other third person.. Hardly to be counted on fingers.. Especially in this Kali Yuga, Sarva Karma Phala tyaagi is not there.. But God Datta gave Me shock.. He produced Sarva Karma Phala tyaagi.. He gave Me shock.. My concept, His concept is not having any example in the world.. No, this line, this Gita line.. You say that My concept has no example? I will show an example.. He is a creator.. He can create anything in His creation.. He created it.. Example for this.. So I was shocked.. I was similarly shocked when God Datta explained Me that Krishna's Navanita Chauriyam and Rasa Krida are the tests of Eshanatrayam.. Then My mind was blocked for one month.. Then this shock for the rest of My life My mind was blocked.. And she is preparing for second time.. 

Swami please ask her to take some break. We are yet to recover.. 

That's what I am telling.. Already we are not completely relieved from the first shock.. Let us at least recover.. I promise, whatever you told I fulfilled.. I told all, not to tell anybody.. 

So very good.. We are all very happy about this Krishnastami.. 

We are also happy Swami. You didn't reminded us to leave early.. 

Yes, yes. Because we have to go home and.... 

Swami, one group photo we can take.. 

Yes, come on.. 

One prayer, Swami.. 

Udvega rahita santoṣa rahita 
śānti samudra śrī Datta
śānti samudra śrī Datta
śānti samudra śrī Datta


Niścala nirmala tattvajñānī!
Nirvikāra-jagadantassākṣī!
Yogirajagurupīthādhīśa! 
Avadhūtā'khila-visaya-spanda

Udvega rahita santoṣa rahita 
śānti samudra śrī Datta
śānti samudra śrī Datta
śānti samudra śrī Datta

Om Shanti, Shanti, Shanti.

Namaskaram, Swami.