also by all the human beings, all the common human. This is the desire. This is the maindesire hidden. You also don't know that. That is hidden in every soul. Based on that,it is born with that and then it sees some common human incarnation, common human mediumincarnation, like Krishna, Rama, etc. Then immediately this hidden idea comes out asego based jealousy. Then what it will do, you know? No, no, no, don't be hurry. Letme worship This human incarnation and rise and become myself human incarnation. ThenI can throw Him out. Then only i can become famous in the world. First i shall become.For becoming, i must take His help. So let me become devotee. Not due to the appreciationof the human incarnation, not due to the love towards human incarnation. I will serve Him,i will worship Him so that I will become one day human incarnation. Then I will becomefamous in the world. These two ideas, to become greatest and to project as greatest,these are hidden two diseases like BP and heart attack. Two, everywhere it is the reason.If anybody is developing love, devotion, it is only selfish. Either to solve his worldlyproblems or to become human incarnation. So this is the infrastructure. In this infrastructure,how to rectify this? That is, the fundamental defect itself should be rectified. That fundamentalidea to become God and to become famous as God, that should be changed. You must replacethose desires by, I must serve God. I must become the servant of God. I don't want to become God. I must servethe God. That fundamental replacement must be done. And real love is that when thereis no aspiration in return, fan devotion. So that fundamental reformation, the wholeinfrastructure should be changed. Then it will go into the right path. Then really itdoes not aspire to become human incarnation, becomes a servant. That becomes the real humanincarnation in the course of time. When you aspire for that, you become permanently disqualified.When you don't aspire for that, God will make you. God is always reverse. Man proposes,God disposes. So that is the thing. What did I say? Particular human incarnation, thatThere is nothing like that. You see, it is, free will is there always. You maycatch the contemporary human incarnation, you may not catch. You may stick to some pasthuman incarnation. You may stick to the energetic incarnation, Shiva, Brahma, Vishnu, like that.It is free will. It is your free will. Not force. Through, in the atmosphere of ,free will only you must develop that contemporary human. You must attach to contemporary humanincarnation, yourself, not by the force of God. Not multiple,just one or two or three. That is all. Not many. Just one or two. Like Parashu Rama andShri Rama, same time. Ramakrishna Pahamsa, Shirdi Sai Baba, Akkalkot Maharaj and GajanMaharaja. Like that, some, very few. Very few.Is it the will of the devotee to serve that particular contemporary human incarnationor is it the will of the God to... Will of the devotee only. God has no necessity.God doesn't will. All the wills, all the wishes of God are fulfilled. No need of any freshwill. Will is always for the soul whose wishes are not fulfilled. All wishes are not fulfilled.So, that is why He says, if you put one step to me, I will put hundred steps. But the firststep is from the side of soul only. Not from His side.Swami, before Mahapralaya, the creation is in gross state. After Mahapralaya, the creation is in subtlestate. In both states, it is real only. Yes. Subtle and gross, both are real.Both are real. Before creation, it was unreal and it will be real forever. Can I take itlike that? Yes. Before creation, it was unreal. Beforethe first creation, it was unreal. Then later on, it is only... Creation means coming fromsubtle state to gross state and dissolution means coming from gross state to subtle state.Before the first creation, it was unreal. Then it was created. Later on, it is goingfrom gross state to subtle, subtle to gross state. It is just like before taking the film,first shooting, it was not existing. Not existing.After the cinema is shot, then it is in the form of film, subtle state, exposed on thecharacter, gross state. So, it is real. It is forever. And what is its reality? Its realityis gifted reality from the ultimate God. By itself, it is still unreal. If you separateit from the support of God, it does not exist. So, He maintains it continuously real so thatHe can entertain with some internal gaps. Why did Avatara Meherbaba say, everythingis illusion. God is the only reality. Is it from his perspective or is it from a devotee'sperspective? See, that is what Shankara told also. Shankara told the same thing. See, itcan help the devotee to concentrate on God. If you are told that this is unreal, God aloneis real, then you will concentrate on God, leaving these worldly things. That helps thedevotee like that. It is a helping step. Coming to the reality, coming to the logical side,before its creation, it was unreal. Even while existing, by itself it is unreal.It is real only because of God's gifted reality. So, nothing wrong to say like that. But atthe same time, when God's gifted reality, God's gifted reality means He has sacrificed,He has donated His own reality to that. How can you say it unreal? That means you aresaying, are you not saying that God's reality is unreal? So, it is unreal means the fellowwill become, he will not work. Hey, everything is unreal. But when lunch time comes, hang up. That is real. So, therefore, it is, that is why Shankarafinally defined the reality of the world as sadhasadvilakshana midja. Neither we can sayit as real nor we can say it as unreal. Sat, asat, vilakshana. It is different from thesat, existence and different from asat, non-existence. From the point of the reality of God donatedto this, it is real. Without the reality of God, it is unreal. From that angle, it isasat. So, decide, no I cannot decide. It is something different from sat and asat, existenceand non-existence. That is why he has given, he has given a new word midhyā. midhyā is neitherreality nor unreal. Midja means neither real nor unreal. Something different. So, for soulswe have to take the world as real, not unreal because we are part and parcel of this world.When you are part and parcel of this midhyā world, you are also midhyā. How can you sayworld as unreal and midhyā? God can say it is unreal. Yes, Without His reality, it becomes unreal. God can say that. Adi Shankara can say world ismidhyā because even the bolted doors he passes through each. Mandana Mishra house. But otherdisciples, when they try to pass. So, for God it is unreal and for soul it is real because soul is a part and parcel of the world. How the part canget a new property? A sugar crystal of sugar is sweet. Whole sugar is also sweet. Sameproperty must be there, part and whole. The property of the whole must come to the propertyof the part also. When you are part of this creation,you are also midja. If you say world as unreal, you will become unreal.Parinamaskaram Swami. Just now You have told that due to ego and jealousy, people are losingGod on the earth as well as in the upper worlds. right.. Now the souls who have lost God, how theywill be reformed? Will they be reformed or what is the next cource of action of God towardsthose souls? By getting rid of ego based jealousy. Firstas a training, you must get rid of this ego based jealousy in the world. Do not have jealousytowards any co-human being because after all God is also appearing in co-human form. Trainingand it is actual job. You undergo some training, then you join the job. Is it not? Trainingis to not to have ego based jealousy on any co-human being.So, that you will eradicate ego based jealousy from your heart. So, that when you join thejob, that is when you face the human incarnation, you will not have that ego based jealousy.Co-human being and human incarnation are one in the sense that both are having the sameexternal form. The common human media, repulsion between common human media is, it appliesto you towards a co-human being and also towards the human incarnation. That is the commondefect. So, first in the world you have the training. Don't hate anybody. Don't getany repulsion with anybody. Don't show ego based jealousy on anybody.So, by that you will make your mind pure. Ego based jealousy disappears completely fromyour mind. Then when you face the human incarnation, you will not show ego based jealousy.So, the advice to not to show ego based jealousy towards any co-human being is for the purpose of not showingit towards the human incarnation. That is the purpose. Purpose is that. Purpose is not notto show ego based jealousy towards co-human being. It is only training. The ultimate aimis that. See, there is a training. You serve every human being, thinking that every humanbeing is God. Manava seve, Madhava seve. It is good. It is a good training because Godcomes in human form. When you serve every human form, automatically you will serve Godin human form also. If you hate any human form, you may hate God also in human form.But this has one main essential point you should not forget. Essential point is allthis training is practiced for the ultimate purpose of not hating Krishna in human form.It is only training. It is not absolute reality. If everybody is really God, then why Gopikasshould lose their family members and run for Krishna? They are also God. She herself isGod. Every human being is God. She herself is God. Why she should run for Krishna? So,it is only training program. That is not the ultimate reality. To eradicate ego based jealousyfrom your heart, a training program is prepared in which you assume every human being isGod. Under that word assume. Actually every human being is not God. You assume. If youassume that every human being is God, then you will eradicate ego and jealousy. You willnot show the same ego and jealousy towards the human incarnations. For this purpose youare assuming which is not a reality. If it is a reality, why should I undergo this training?I myself God. What is the necessity of all this training, foolish training? Only not to hate. We donot know in which human form He is hidden. Suppose we insult somebody. God might beinsulted. As long as we do not recognize him as God, He is a human being only. We willsee Him as human being and insult Him. Show hatred at Him. You are hating God. You areinsulting God. They did not know that I am God. They thought that I am a human being. Thereforethey insulted Me. So that is a training program. You should always remember that it is a training program to serve every humanbeing treating as God. You must not forget that if you forget that it is a training programand if you think that it is a real program, you will believe everybody as God, includingyourself, then there is no use of this training. This program is waste. So you should not forgetthat it is a training program arranged for certain purpose. You should not thinkit as real. Manava seva, mathala seva is not real. It is an assumed statement. You treatevery manava as Madhava and serve Him. So that when Madhava comes as manava, I will not insult HimFor that purpose this program is arranged and you really think that thisis a real program, this is a reality, then you are gone. So you will think everybodyis God. You are also one among everybody. You must also think yourself as God. Thatprogram is useless. So you must not forget the basic reality. When you are undergoinga training, a martial training, you are going to beat somebody. That is training period.In actual war, you beat him till he dies. But in training program, you should not beathim till he dies. It is a training program. It is not the real war. So that awarenessyou must have. Maanava seve, Maadhava seva has misled several people. They really think thatmanava seva is real mathava seva. They believe it as a fact. And they enter into politicswith the service of human beings. Then when you go into the hell and stand in the queuefor sins and punishments, then you pray God, save me. You thought, entire life you thoughtall human beings are God. You ask them to save you. Now I am needed. You ask them, theywill protect you. So here actually manava seva is not mathava seva. If you want to analyzethat topic itself, it is not mathava seva. What is mathava seva? To serve the poor people,beggars. See every...a rich fellow is there. Why should you serve him? A needy person, a reallya hit person, a beggar who is dying for food, who is dying for clothes, who is dying withdisease, help him. If you want to remove poverty in the society, you must first serve the beggars.You must serve the poorest, then go to poorer, then go to poor. First you must see that nopoorest person is present in the society. Then you should attack the second phase, that ispoorer section. When poorest section is still remaining, why you are helping poor, poorer?For votes. If your aim is to really serve the poor people, start with the poorest people.When the poorest disappears, then you can serve poorer. When poorer disappears, thenyou can serve poor. They are not discriminating that grades in poverty. You are serving to poor, poorer, poorest, everybody you are serving for the sake of votes. So theconcentration of service to the poorest is not there. You first give all facilities, buildbeggar homes. You should not see any beggar in the country on the street. After achievingthat, then you go to the next phase. If your aim is really to remove poverty, your aim isnot that. Since poor, poorer, if poor people are more in number than poorer people, I willserve poor only for votes. More votes will come. Poorest beggars are less in number, neglect them.Basing on the number you are serving, is it not? Not on the need. So these things shouldbe analyzed properly and should be, you see that Vyasa told, Paropakāraḥ puṇyāya pāpāya parapīḍanam If you help anybody, 'help ever and hury never'. Help everybody and hurt nobody. If hurt nobody, how can I fight in the war. Is that to be followed? So it is not help everybody andheart, none. It is help good people and hurt bad people. That is there. Not help everybody and hurt.... don't hurt anybody. That is notdharma. Parupakara punyaya papaya parapeyena is not dharma. What is dharma? Paritranaayisadhuna vinashayi sadhusha. That is dharma. Helping the good people and hurting the badpeople is dharma. Helping everybody and hurting nobody, that is not dharma. That is simplyfoolish blindness. This mere blindness. You are not analyzing the deservingness. Who isdeserving, who is undeserving? saṁvida deyam. Discrimination - knowledge, with that you mustdo charity. First is saṁvida. Patrapatra visakshana jnanam sanvit. Then hriyayam bhiya jayam. 

--2/11/2024
Swami there is a story of scorpion and sage. So sage goes by and sees a scorpionin water. He wants to save it and while taking the scorpion out it keeps on biting the sage.And the disciple asks the sage why are you saving it when it is biting you. Sage saysthat it is the nature of the scorpion to bite and hurt. It is my nature to help. So I willhelp. Then that sage is a blind fellow. What about him? He follows paropakara phunaya papayaparapeyena. Yasa's words he follows. I follow Krishna's words. Paritranaayi sadhuna vinashayikriyayam. Krishna is greater than Yasa. Yasa praised Krishna in Bhagavatam. So whose wordsare authoritative? Krishna's words. For a Swami's words only. So what Krishna toldis correct. As per the context you explained jealousy and ego should be controlled by thesoul to eradicate the guards, avoid the obstruction of guards. When the relay bonds avoid thecontrol of the body, our own bonds are hurting us, cheating us. So being the source of egoand jealousy we control. We control ego and jealousy. But when we are the objects, whenwe are being cheated, when we are being victimized then how to control in that situation egoand jealousy and how can we decide that are we punishing the bad like paritranaayi? Seeego and jealousy in its correct sense ego and jealousy is your hatred towards a co-humanbeing becoming greater than yourself. There only this word ego based jealousy is used.Suppose somebody has done a sin, bad work, wrong work. You become angry on him. Thatis not ego based jealousy. That is not ego. There is no jealousy there. He has cheatedyou and you become angry and you want to punish him. You want to teach him a lesson. Thereis no question of ego based jealousy. Ego based jealousy comes, you are in a classroom,your classmate is there, he studies well, you don't study well, you get less marks,he gets more marks, then you become ego based jealous. That context is completely differentfrom this context.Namaste.Namaste.I am a student of the Indian University. I am studying in the Indian University. I amstanding outside from Mother's era school. I had my college where you had to go beforeany 11 years of life. So, I was studying Medical University. Also.in this program. Who is that earlier? You referred somebody earlier. Prophet Muhammad.What he said? Muhammad. He fought injustice directly fighting, very directly fighting.And he also preached the knowledge simultaneously. Whereas Krishna, he became as Krishna, hepreached the knowledge. He did not directly fought the injustice. No, Krishna also foughtdirectly injustice. He fought with several people. Several people. Jaira Sangha, theSashi Shibala, Dantavakra. Dantavakra he fought. Narakasura he fought. So he also fought. Itwas a war between Arjuna and Kauravas, Pandavas and Kauravas. So he has to advise Arjunathere. The context is not, does not invite him directly fight. And moreover, in the caseof Bheeshma, he took the wheel of a chariot and ran to kill Bheeshma. There when therewas necessity, for ten days he was fighting and Arjuna was unable to defeat him. So hetook the wheel of the chariot and ran towards Bheeshma to kill him. He participated in fighting.People say that the wheel of the chariot is not a weapon. What is weapon? Weapon is thatinstrument by which you destroy the other person. The wheel of the chariot is also aweapon. So there in this context Arjuna is fighting with his cousins for the sake ofa share. There he has entered as an advisor. He also told in the beginning, I will notfight directly. I will help you to advise us. When Duryodhana and Arjuna came to Krishna,he put this condition. I am placing my army on one side which will fight strictly andI will place on the other side. I will not fight. I will give only advices. So he hasto stick to that promise. Then even otherwise Krishna fought several wars. There were severalwars in Narakasura. He fought a big war with Narakasura directly. So many wars. He wasalways surrounded by enemies. He fought several wars against injustice.Swamy, earth and all the worlds below are materialistic worlds to my understandingand they are in gross state. All the upper worlds above earth are energetic worlds arein subtle state if you consider like that. Now after Mahapralaya when the creation goesto subtle state I can imagine that the earth and the worlds below are becoming subtle andwill the upper worlds remain the same? No. There is a difference between gross energyand subtle energy. The gross energy also will go into the subtle energy state. Almost space.Space is the subtle energy. Almost you think it is nothing. You say space is nothing? Yes.So that subtle state also appears as space. Very subtle. So therefore even the gross energeticworlds go into subtler states. Most subtle state that is. Even the upper worlds whichare in subtle state will go to even more subtle state? Most subtle. It can never be knownby any method. The so called subtle states energy can be known easily. Gross energy ismass energy can be known very easily by heat, light. So they go to most subtle state thatis called as avyaktam. Avyaktam means not experienced by any means. You cannot experienceit all. Only God is experiencing it. Because if his experience is not there then it willdisappear. That is the support. Is it unimaginable God? Is it God dhatha in energetic form? Whois enjoying? See it is actually God dhatha only. In Ishvara only this world dissolvesbecause there is no difference, no trace of difference between God dhatha and unimaginableGod. The entire unimaginable God has become God dhatha. The naked person in the bathroombecame dhatha. The entire naked person became dhatha. Then this dhatha person alone remains.There is no naked person in the bathroom again. So that unimaginable God is mediated as Goddhatha. Further incarnations, further creation are all done by God dhatha. He merges. Herethe actual unimaginable God has become God dhatha. So that the definition given by Vedato unimaginable God strictly applies as it is to God dhatha.So after Mahapralaya also God dhatha will remain in energetic form, not in subtle energeticform but in his energetic complete energetic form. But the rest of the creation will gointo most subtle form. Yes. That paramavyoma is the space required for God dhatha. Thatis always eternal. Space and the energy that form used, all that is eternal.So rest of the soul will become like akasha. Like akasha. Akasha also is considered tobe gross state compared to that subtle state. Even akasha disappears into that subtle state.Most subtle state. Ariyatma. Ariyatma is not at all experienced by anybody except God.Such a subtle state it goes. Swami, this is question from Rama Khan.He says that when the creation also goes into most subtle state and gets dissolved, eventhe devotees also get dissolved along with all other souls. So devotion how can it bepermanent? No, no. Devotees also exist as souls in subtlestate. Devotees are souls only. Yes.They exist in subtle state. When a devotee exists, devotion also exists. Devotion isnot a separate entity. It is based on the devotee only. Everything exists.Then universe is written by dhatha yadapurva makal payan. Then obviously all the samskaras,devotees will remain as it is. Yes. Same souls will come back. Same totalpicture. Same total picture. Whatever the samskaras they are holding or whatever samskarasthey are having before while dissolution. Yes. Yes. Same. Same.Same. As it is. Dhyapurva as existed before, as existed in the past, as existed in thepast, as existed before, dhatha yadapurva makal payan. Same creation, same film roleis projected again as a picture. Yes. Correct.So will there be any change unless you censor something? God also censors. God also censorssome certain things. He may censor certain things. He has the power. He has the freedom.He censors but minor points only. Generally 99% as it is comes out. Swami you told thatGod comes as kalki at the end of the creation and with his electric sword he will destroyonly bad from the souls and only good will be retained at the stage of mahabralaya. Yeswhen such a ghastly punishment is given, generally bad gets destroyed and good comes out.Good only remains. Isn't it contradicting with the previous statement which says asit is all the souls? As it is means after destruction of Kali. Whateveris the state after destruction of Kali, that is will return back. That is why the KuruYuga is going to be very pure. So here while in the creation we have to putlot of effort to destroy the bad in us but even if we don't take any effort, at theend of the creation Kali is coming and destroying our bad. Kalki. Kalki. God Kalki is destroyingthe bad in us. Yes. So what is the motivation for us to put effort and grow in the spiritualpath because at the end of the day everybody is going to be destroyed. No, no what is destructionmeans you see a thief is taken into police station and a third degree torture is givento him. At that time he swears that he will not do stealing again but that stealing natureremains him as an electron. It is very small. It is karmasesham, gunasesham. That when itscongenial atmosphere appears it will grow again. So the reason for this is that whenthe souls were all good then you can say 99.999999% good but 0.000001% bad remains there. Sothe reason for this is that when the souls were all good then you can say 99.99999999%bad. Atmosphere is not there. Atmosphere is not there. When everybody is having 99.9999%atmosphere also will be 99.9999% only. Yes. What is atmosphere? Atmosphere does not meanair, heat, light. Family atmosphere. The qualities of the souls. The qualities of the souls iscalled atmosphere. Yes. So according to the qualities of the souls the atmosphere willbe there. Then that is why it is told that punishment will not remove the, cannot bringpermanent real reformation. It can bring only temporary reformation. Only spiritual knowledgecan bring 100% reformation. Punishment becomes, punishment brings only major reformation.The thief will not do stealing for some months. Definitely he will not think of stealing.Slowly that little association with thieves slowly doubts. So again it will come intoKuru Yuga to Uttarathar, Dwapara, Kali and again go to Kuru Ra. Cycle goes on repeating.Yes. It is a cycle. It is a cycle running for a long time and it will run for a longtime. I can see my inability to be projected as good. I can see my inability to be projectedas good women among all for sure. I could see my inbuilt desire to be projected as goodwomen among all for sure. But I never thought about become God. How do I don't know aboutmy desire? Which kind of ignorance it is? Again you must repeat it again. Swami Jasnayou told that every human soul want to become God that is their inherent desire. Inherentdesire. But as per my conscious is there I can detect my desire to be good women projectedto be good women. What does it mean? Tell me.Good women. But I don't know about the desire to become incarnation.Not now. It will come slowly. High school after passing high school you will desirefor college. Passing college you will go to leaders. It is hidden desire. Already thereit is not projected because proper time has not come. Now you have seen a human incarnationbecoming God. I must be human being. Why not I become human incarnation like him? No don'tbe hurry. The intellect will want. Must you serve him and know the secret how he becamehuman incarnation? Know the secret. Then you can become. So all this you see that isnatural everybody wants to become highest and to project himself as highest in the entireworld. By simply becoming highest he is not satisfied. He must be projected also.That is why these preachers also they are worried about the propagation, their propagation,their field, their name. Like that they are worried.Sorry. Just now about creation you have told. Now when the new creation is formed and thesouls of the previous before pralaya they also take birth on the earth. Right? In thenew creation. But when they take the birth is that the Krithu Yuga with the same samskaras?No no he already calkey modified the samskaras temporarily by punishment. So some trace veryvery very little trace will remain that you can neglect. Almost it is 100 percent good.Very little trace. That 100 percent good with the almost 100 percent good people are inKrithu Yuga. In Krithu Yuga also sometimes some nirvana then some sins happen in theKrithu Yuga. You see Somakasura stole Vedas in Krithu Yuga only. And there were demonsin Krithu Yuga also who did that churning of milk sea. Yes yes. Demons and devas. Yesand Hiranyatsha was in Krithu Yuga. Hiranyakashipu was in Krithu Yuga. And Bali King Bali wasin Krithu Yuga. And Parashurama killing all Kshatriyas was also in Krithu Yuga. In factmore incarnations have come in Krithu Yuga. Because even little sin appears. See it isa pure white cloth. Small black dot immediately you will wash it. And then you will see theblack dot. But already it is dirty. Some black spot. Already it is dirty. That is whyGod takes lot of care in propaganda. It is very significant. It is vivid clearly to theeyes. You are also doing that. That trace will come. Trace will come. Yes.Swami, law of superimposition is applicable if the seer is God himself creating the worldon himself for the sake of real and full entertainment so that all the three states Avarna, Viksepaand Mala are meaningful for the sake of entertainment. You told in Trilokya Gita Swami. So Avarna,Viksepa, Mala are the tools that control soul. But God can play with the soul. So it is veryimportant. Satvaraja Tamogunasmi Swami, then how come Avarna, Viksepa, Mala are meaningfulfor the entertainment of God? No, actually in the case of God it remains only up to Avarnastage. Never it becomes Viksepa and Mala. Only Avarna stage. That too as per his will.But Avarna also stays as long as he will. He uses knowledge as well as ignorance. Bothhe will be using. When he has to teach truth to Arjuna, he uses knowledge. When he is dancingwith Gopikas in Burundavanam, he uses ignorance.So he uses both. Both knowledge and ignorance in his entertainment he uses both. So it isonly Avarna. It is not Viksepa. Viksepa is something else he is seeing, thinking it astruth. Viksepa, Mala stages are not there. Only just by his will for the sake of entertainmenthe does that Avarna stage. It is 6 pm Swami. Yes. So anybody has any question? Swami, Swamione minute I am talking to Lavanya and Jayshree is talking to me. Right. So I am asking youabout theLet me answer your first question.See when some souls are punished for their sins, they go to animal births.And when they go to animal births, the population growth is coming from some desiring upperenergetic souls, upper energetic bodies.They want to take birth as human beings to perform karma here and earn the spiritualright.In upper energetic worlds, they are only having bhoga lokas.They only enjoy their punya, their merit and their bad things.But those who are enjoying the merit in the upper energetic worlds, those souls, theywant to earn more merit by taking birth on this earth.Because this is karma loka.Here only karma can be done.In the upper worlds, karma cannot be done.There only they enjoy the merits.And when somebody goes to heaven, he enjoys the merit and returns back.And even some angels want to take birth because they want to earn some more spiritual wealth.Because only expenditure is there in the upper worlds.No earning.Even angels wish to take birth of human beings.This human birth, I am praising, even angels want to take the human birth because in thishuman birth you can earn.There only spending your karma phalas.There you can earn karma loka.This is karma loka.Those are only bhoga lokas.So they take human births.And some of these people becoming very worst people, worst, no hope for any change, theywill enter animal births.So this total figure of population is the barration of God.It will not help us spiritually in any way.It is only a statistical data about which God only has to worry.His administration point.We need not worry about that point.That will not help us in spiritual efforts, in spiritual progress.It is unnecessary for us.It is immaterial for us.What Shankara says in his commentary that the Puru Patshi asked, when this creationwas created exact date I want.Then Shankara says, what is the use of that for our spirit?We are doing all this spiritual knowledge efforts only to get the grace of God.For that the date of birth of the creation is not necessary.For you it is not necessary.That is told in the administration of God.What is the use of that?It is his worry.It is the worry of his administration to maintain the balance of outgoing souls and incomingsouls and to provide food for those souls who are coming.All that is the divine administration about which we need not bother because it does nothelp us in our spiritual effort.Okay.Okay.Okay.That is whyOnce you enter into the cycle of the animals, there is no question of return back.Tānaḥ viśata kuru rāṇ, samsāreṣu narādhamān, kṣipāma yajasra māshivān, āsureeshva evayonuṣu.I will throw them permanently into that everlasting hell.Everlasting hell?No, anyāyaiyai.See, that cannot be told because he is throwing them into the everlasting fire, liquid fire,waiting for a reformation due to the punishment.If the soul is reformed, he will take back.If he is not reformed, let the punishment continue till he reforms.The aim is not to take revenge against the soul.The aim is to reform the soul through that punishment continuously.Fundamentally.Fundamentally.Why should you worry about those fellows?You worry about your friends.Let us worry about ourselves.Why should we?We can't do anything.We can't do anything even in our case.He takes care.He is the kindest Lord.I told you, hell is the best example for the kindness of God.Because we throw a person as a rejected, debarred fellow.No, he will not change.He is debarred forever.But he is not debarring.He is keeping the soul in the liquid fire forever.Forever does not mean it is forever.Till it changes, let it change.There is no other way than this punishment.No other way is hopeful.This is the only hopeful.Or if the result is not obtained, let the punishment continue still.Let me maintain the soul on the artificial air system.What is that?Ventilation.Ventilation.I will pay.Let the patient be maintained on ventilation forever.God is prepared to pay.What we do, we don't have that much money.Remove that ventilation.Let any of that fellow going to die.Instead of tomorrow, he will die today.We cannot afford.We cannot afford the expenses of ventilation.So we may say like that.But God will say, till he dies, I will pay.Let the ventilation continue.He is expecting the reformation only from that soul.For that only he is giving the continuous punishment.Because that is really parental love.Parent will never lose, will never get negative thinking about the issue.He will continuously be trying to reform his issue.Somebody else, some teacher or some brother or some fellow,this fellow is unnecessary, just throw him out for a minute.He won't undergo reformation.But God is not like that.See suppose he has lost the hope that he will not be reformed,he will burn his soul there itself.But he is not destroying the soul.Nippu aralu puru ku sawadhu.He is not taking away the life of the soul.He is keeping the soul permanently with the hope that it will reform.That is why he is not killing the soul.He is continuing the ventilation.He is paying the ventilation charges forever.With the hope one day that my issue will be reformed.Ok.Swami, Anandam's won't have awareness, how will they reform them?You see, sometimes you know, Srikalahasthya Mahachyam,the spider got salvation, the elephant got salvation,the serpent got salvation.It is the hope of the father.You are only brother, brother of the animal.That is why I am father, why unnecessary paying so much.Ventilation charges, because his share will be reduced,if the father pays.So, why should we pay for the ventilation charges?Let it be removed, anyway he will die.After four or five days he will die.For four or five days so many rupees we have to pay.So remove this ventilation.A brother may recommend, but not father.No, I cannot remove that permanently.He maintains, that is why he maintains the soul, unnecessarily.Even though the expenditure is on God from his administration only.He maintains that.Like with the hope, I am the father of all these souls.So he has got hope.That is why he is not destroying the soul.Nippu aaradam purugu chavadam.He does not kill the purugu, that is soul.He maintains the nippu by paying the ventilation charges.Forever.Let it be forever.I cannot kill my own issue with my own hands.He always have hope for reformation.Animals.You asked one, sometime this question.I already answered.Previous satsang.He asked when it is born as animal.You see we are eating the feast with vada, payasam and all those.Puri masala and all that we are enjoying.Whereas it is eating the grass.How you told that God has given the same facilities, eating, drinking, sleeping and producing children.That four facilities, God has given to the animal also.There is no difference between human being and animal as far as these four are concerned.The same four facilities I will maintain in the animal state also.You be born as animal, why unnecessarily human being.That is why God has given this.Then he asked, but regarding eating facilities, we are eating so many items in the feast.But it is eating the green grass.Then I told him, you are seeing the grass as a human being with your eyes.You are not seeing the grass as animal with its eyes.As animal for its eyes, it will appear as vada, payasam and all.Nowadays in Hyderabad, animals are also eating bhavachi puri.My uncle's son, he is a doctor studying MBS.He married an intercast marriage.You know we are Brahmins and our people are against that.So my uncle requested me to go to my brother and advise him.Then I went to the medical college, Guntur.I was thinking how beautiful she must be.When this fellow, disobeying the parents, disobeying the traditions, married that girl,how beautiful she must be.Let me have some strength of spiritual scripture so that I will not faint by seeing her beauty.Like that I was thinking and going.Then I went there, most black looking like a monkey.Then I asked him, you fellow, how did you marry this girl?He is beautiful.Then what he told me, Anna, see her with my eyes.Don't see with your eyes, see her with my eyes.Similarly, you are seeing the grass with your eyes as human being.See the grass with each eyes.Becoming an animal with each eyes, you see the grass.It will appear as vada, payasam.Swami, while explaining Eshwarathrayam also, you illustrate that every soul has cross among the animal and animal births.They have relation among mother, father, wife, children like that.So most obviously every soul is having different path, one has that in matter.Maybe depends on the case of the soul, it is a specific case, you cannot generalize.According to his prominent merits and sins, the soul takes births.So there is always nanatma, bahutam, multiplicity.Multiplicity is very much.You cannot compare one case with other case.Everybody has its own specific way, its own specific nature, its own specific story.You cannot generalize.What is your actual question?While Eshwarathrayam, you told that every soul has a bond of mother, father, children.Even in animal births also.So that is why it is strong.So by this we could conclude that every soul is elevating from the animal births only.Not like that I told.Even assuming he might be in human birth and he might have been mother or father in previous human births.Even if you assume that he must have some animal births previously also, then also there also this is common.That is why it has become the strongest bond.Putreshana, Dareshana, Dhaneshana, they have become strongest bonds.Because even if somebody becomes animal, it always searches for its food.That is dhana.By wealth only we are eating our food.So there is no difference between food and dhana.Dhana lakshmi and dhanja lakshmi, both are one and the same.So even if you assume that it has passed through several animal births,that strengthening of the Dareshana, Putreshana, Dhaneshana need not be avoided.Because those animals also, these bonds are very strong.The other bonds may not be present, but these basic bonds are present.Whether it is a human being or animal or a bird.So that is why every human being, assuming that it was born as animal or bird in previous birth,assuming the Ancestor is the Ashram of the Lord, he is strongest.That is what I told.Yes, yes you can do.If anybody has no merit, he will enjoy in luxuries and all that.In some people it is not.In my previous birth, I have lot of merit, so that I visited this temple or I met thishuman incarnation of God, they will tell.In that case also, if a person enjoys the luxuries, his merit will exhaust expenditure.But in case of human incarnation of God or in spiritual path, also that merit exhausts or it will increase.Because of the blessings of God, in this birth, at least by the grace of God, I have been blessed by the Guru.In spiritual path also, because of the merit, I came here.Even then the merit will exhaust.In luxuries also, it will exhaust.No, you see in luxuries, the expenditure is meaningful.Expenditure of merit.But in the example of spiritual example, he is going to be uplifted more and more.Tending.It is expenditure with ending.You have spent something for ending something more.You have spent something but still you are ending more.But in some other case, you have spent something and further further loose.Learn by learning.Like that.Western countries.Western countries.All right.We shall be in the satsang.Om Shanti, Shanti, Shanti.