Trilokya Gita Chapter 1. Daivakartavya Yogaha Association with Divine Duty. This Trilokya, a sincere devotee, asks Sri Dattaswami several questions with very sharp analysis.. Swami pleased with her sharpness of intelligence gave her a title, opposition leader,. representing the present generation having high IQ due to tremendous development of scientific logic.. The answers given by Swami are composed as Sanskrit verses by Swami in this Trilokya Gita,. which means not only the message given to the questions of Miss Trilokya,. but also means the divine message given to the three worlds.. The English translation is also given by Swami Himself.. Trilokya uvacha Dattaswamin guruswamin. Dattatreyanarakrutey Kim jeevitasya lakshyam naha. Kimetasya chasadhanam. Miss Trilokya asked,. O Dattaswami, O Lord of spiritual preachers,. O human incarnation of God Dattatreya,. what is the ultimate goal of this human life of ours?. Also, what is the path for attaining that ultimate goal?. Dattaswami uvacha Anandamma majananto. Nicham chintaparayana. Yime manushya dhavante. Karma yantre na churnitaha. Sri Dattaswami spoke,. These human beings are always running in their lives,. filled with continuous worries,. getting powdered by the mechanical worldly duties. without recognizing Me, the infinite bliss.. Dhuravasattva mutsrujya Mano vaijya itasada. Bodhayanti manashyastram Padasyanchay vinushadham. These spiritual preachers are leaving entirely the spiritual knowledge. which is about the details of the divine personality of God.. They have become pure professional psychiatrists. preaching psychology involving the methods of temporary and superficial psychological cure. to get momentary relief from mental stress.. Attained from the punishments of sins without finding the root sin and its proper medicine.. Upayadha swayam yattah Daivamukha navagatah. Vijnna vijnna dhavandhatva Rana daivika iti. These spiritual preachers keep silent about God as far as possible. so that they project their personalities by giving the cure of stress.. They feel that the ancient devotees were uneducated and ignorant. by blindly becoming mad of God and feel that.