Today we are celebrating Sri Dattajayanti. Dattajayanti means the birthday of Lord Dattatreya,. the divine son of Sage Atri and Mother Anasuya, who was born on this auspicious day of Maharkashi. Repurnima. Lord Dattatreya is none other than the human incarnation of Parabrahman. Parabrahman. is the absolute God. We know that Parabrahman does not have any birth. He is unimaginable.. No soul can think about him or even imagine him. Naturally, it is impossible to pray to him or serve him. That is why Parabrahman incarnates.. In the very beginning, Parabrahman created the first energetic being called Dattah in the upper world. Then he merged into Dattah to become Lord Dattah.. God Dattah, the first incarnation of Parabrahman, is an energetic incarnation in the upper world. God Dattah then further merged into other energetic beings to become some more energetic incarnations.. They are all energetic incarnations of God Dattah as well as of Parabrahman. God Dattah or any of his subsequent energetic incarnations also periodically merged with selected human beings to become human incarnations of God.. In every human generation, there is at least one human incarnation of God on earth. In the past, God Dattah, the first energetic incarnation, merged with the second son of Atri and Anasuya to become a human incarnation of God on earth.. This human incarnation was called the Dattahatreya. God Dattah is the first energetic incarnation of God. While God Dattahatreya is his human incarnation.. Here I want to share a wonderful miraculous experience. One day as I was walking down the road in Mumbai, I experienced some sages. I saw some sages and angels in the sky with my own eyes.. They were discussing about our beloved Sadguru, Sri Dattaswami. They were saying to each other, who is this Dattaswami? He carried a black bag on his shoulder and teaching chemistry in the university.. And yet he also gives spiritual discourses and changes the laws of this universe frequently. Who is he? They were unable to know the identity of Swami. However, they were deepening and analyzing the spiritual concepts preached by Swami.. Finally, they concluded that Dattaswami is none other than God Dattah. They identified him to be a human incarnation of God Dattah.. The point to note here is that they identified Swami as divinity based on the spiritual knowledge preached by Swami. They did not conclude that Swami is a human incarnation because he has many miracles.. In fact, angels and sages themselves can do miracles. They concluded that Swami is an incarnation of God Dattah because his spiritual knowledge is extraordinary. They have never heard this kind of extraordinary spiritual knowledge anywhere in this world.. This is the first time Parapram has revealed such extraordinary spiritual knowledge to mankind. He has revealed it to Sri Dattaswami.. That is the uniqueness of this incarnation. Sri Dattaswami is the embodiment of highest and most complete spiritual knowledge. The conclusion of the sages and angels was based on that spiritual knowledge of Swami.. Sri Dattaswami is the contemporary human incarnation of God Dattah on earth. This fact became clear to me from listening to this sages and angels discussing in the sky. It was the most wonderful miracle.. The unimaginable God incarnating on the earth as human incarnation is His greatest gift to humanity. It is the greatest spiritual opportunity. Unfortunately, this greatest gift also inevitably comes with the biggest problem.. It is called the Common Media Repulsion. People only see the human medium of the human incarnation. They are human and the Incognitions medium is also human. They obviously cannot see the Parapram Man who is merged into the human medium since Parapram Man is unimaginable.. So they think that the human incarnation is only a human being. They think that He is not different from them. He seems to eat, drink, talk, walk and behave like them. He also seems to suffer from diseases like them.. So they think that He is only a human being. Then they notice His greatness. They observe how some devotees treat Him to be God and they get jealousy of Him. This jealousy is the Common Media Repulsion. Due to their jealousy and hatred, they lose the greatest spiritual opportunity.. All human beings suffer from this Common Media Repulsion which caused them to reject the human incarnation. Not just human beings, even angels suffer from it. Indra, the King of Angels, too failed to recognize the divinity of God, Krishna, due to such repulsion.. It is a great Maya, a great delusion that takes us away from God. How can we overcome this Maya? The only way to overcome it is to reserve His excellent spiritual knowledge and analyze it.. The Vedas says that the preacher of who and infinite spiritual knowledge is incarnation of Parapram Man, Sacham Jnanamanandam Brahma. The spiritual knowledge preached by the human incarnation of God is extraordinary, Vijnanam Brahma.. It is found nowhere else in the creation. The preacher who preaches such extraordinary, true and infinite spiritual knowledge should be concluded to be the genuine human incarnation of God. Our fortune is infinite.. The ultimate Parapram Man, the embodiment of complete spiritual knowledge has himself come down to earth. He has descended as Sri Vata Swami, a very powerful dhanava tara, the most complete and highest human incarnation of Parapram Man.. He is leading with us, giving us excellent spiritual knowledge and clearing all our doubts. In this Kali Yuga, Swami is revealing such spiritual knowledge which was not even revealed in the Kota Yuga, Treta Yuga or in Dwapar Yuga.. He is correlating this highest spiritual knowledge with scientific knowledge. He is showing us how to live in this world. He is showing us the right path of justice to ensure the permanent welfare of all the souls.. How infinitely compassionate he is! He has given us the unimaginable fortune of living with him, learning from him, worshipping him and attaining the highest spiritual goal. For this I thank Swami again and again.. Swami, your compassion and grace are limitless. I thank you, Swami, on behalf of all souls, on behalf of all devotees gathered here. I now request you to please shower your grace upon us in the form of your excellent spiritual knowledge.. Swami, you are an ocean of compassion. Please clear all our spiritual doubts. If any devotee would like to ask any spiritual question to Swami, you may please ask none.. You told that you have experienced angels and sages discussing. Did you see them with your eyes?. Yes, Swami. I saw them.. Where you have seen?. I saw this experience in Mumbai, Swami.. In the sky where I could see.. That you did not mention.. Yes, Swami.. You told that you have experienced.. Yes.. That may be an idea, imagination also.. I saw in the sky.. That you must. You see, in Kali Yuga, that one sentence is valid.. The other sentence is valid.. In Kali Yuga, that one sentence is valid.. The other sentences, nobody worries.. You have seen the angels and sages in the sky.. That is very much valid.. All your rest of speech is invalid.. Before that one sentence.. Yes, Swami.. In Kali Yuga's age, they are in the stage of doubting the basic existence of God.. So unless you tell through some miracle, they cannot understand the knowledge.. So if you say simply, I have experienced, it may be your imagination.. In your imagination also you can experience.. Correct, Swami.. So there the whole value diminishes.. Yes, Swami.. First you should say, you should not say once.. Twice or thrice you should say.. Yes, Swami.. I have seen the sages and angels discussing in the sky.. Yes, in the sky.. In the sky.. But if you say two or three times, that will be a good impression.. Correct, Swami.. In the audience.. If you say simply, I have experienced.. Experience can be even in imagination.. Correct, Swami.. Imagination also experience is there.. Yes.. So that is very important.. In Kali age, that is the way of speaking.. Yes, Swami.. In Kuru Tata Yoga and in Tretta Yoga in earlier ages, that need not be spoken.. Yes.. That is not valid also in previous ages.. Correct.. They don't care for whether you have seen or not.. Because several people in Kuru Tata Yoga, Tretta Yoga, they see often.. Yes.. It is very ordinary thing, common thing.. Correct.. That is not important in the previous ages.. In present age, that last, that sentence is very important.. That you have seen angels and sages talking in the sky, then people will ask, everybody will ask, have you really seen?. Yes, I have really seen.. Then again another fellow will ask, have you really seen?. Are you talking truth?. Yes, I have seen.. He will question you like that.. Yes, yes.. That is most important in the Kali age.. Correct.. Because when Shankara crossed the bolted doors and entered the house of Mandar Mishra, they did not, Mandar Mishra started scolding Shankara.. Because that miracle is nothing for them.. He is incarnation of God Brahma, Mandar Mishra.. And Jai Mimmi and Vyasa are the invited guests for the ritual.. In their place, if we are there, we will say, you are God, your theory is perfectly correct.. No, you need not debate.. No need of debating.. Your theory is perfect.. Your theory is perfect.. Whatever you say, that is perfectly correct.. So that is the, this Kali Vyasa gives validity for miracles, not for knowledge and not for devotion.. Yes, sir.. The standards have fallen.. So, while speaking that experience anywhere, you first say.... I saw it.. Not once, twice I am surprised you have to say.. Yes, sir.. Stress on the miracle part.. Yes, stress on that part.. That is what the people have waited to hear.. Yes.. Okay, anybody have any questions?. Yes.. We have questions from online.. Yes.. First question is from Shri Dugga Prasad.. His question is like this.. A Muslim commented like this.. Your Gita only says that, he who knows me as the unborn, as the beginningless, as the supreme lord of all the worlds,. he only, undeluded among men, is freed from all sins.. Yomam ajam anadim cha.. And hence, Krishna and Jesus, who took birth are not God.. Please enlighten me on how to counter him.. We did not follow the question.. So Swami, did.... Just like in my answer, the clarity is there, in question also clarity is expected.. Basically it is saying that, God is unborn.. In that sloka he is telling.. Because God is unborn, Krishna and Lord Krishna and Jesus were born.. They cannot be God, is his comment. Muslims comment.. That is why they don't accept Mohammed as God.. Because he is also born.. Mohammed is also born.. So we equate Krishna and Jesus with Mohammed.. Not with Allah.. What he means is, Allah is not born.. Yes.. So, in Gita it is told, he who knows, Yomam ajam anadim cha.. He who knows me as unborn, he is the blessed soul.. He knows the true knowledge.. But Krishna and Jesus are born.. So they cannot be told in that sloka.. Both are born. Allah is not born.. They don't accept Mohammed as God.. Mohammed only is a prophet.. So here that is the question he is asking.. Now what we say is, we are not equating Krishna and Jesus with Allah.. But we are equating Krishna and Jesus with Mohammed.. He is also born.. They might have called Mohammed as prophet.. You also call Krishna and Jesus as prophets.. Who objected you?. They call Mohammed as divine prophet.. They call Krishna and Jesus also as divine prophets.. So here the concept fundamentally that differs from Hinduism and Islam is that. he is not finding equal items to Allah in Hinduism and Christianity.. Hinduism, the God who is not born, he is Parabrahma or Brahma.. Parabrahma, not born.. You can equate Allah with Parabrahma.. And in Christianity, Jehovah is unborn.. So you can equate Allah with Parabrahman in Hinduism and Jehovah in Christianity.. You can equate Mohammed to Jesus and Krishna.. He is equating Allah with Krishna and Jesus.. That is the mistake.. See, Krishna and Jesus are born.. Krishna is born on Krishnastami.. Jesus is born on Christmas.. So you should not equate Allah with Jesus and Krishna.. The relationship between Allah and Mohammed is the relationship between Parabrahman and Krishna.. He is the relationship between Jehovah and Jesus.. ABC, XYZ. XYZ are in one status.. ABC are in another status.. You have taken AA from that status category and here you are denoting YAZ.. So that is not correct.. He is not equating of equal status.. One status of one religion is equated to another status of another religion.. So that is not a proper comparison.. And just like Allah is in Prophet Mohammed,. Parabrahman is in Krishna and Jehovah is in Jesus.. Moreover, Jesus told that I and my father are one and the same.. So Jesus told that he and Jehovah are one and the same.. Krishna said that he and Parabrahman are one and the same.. Of course Mohammed did not say that he and Allah are one and the same.. That difference is there.. But out of three religions, two religions say like this, majority should be taken.. Majority should be taken.. Because it is so.. You see, only A is there.. Here Y and Z are there.. Majority.. So I think I have answered.. Perfect sir.. Swami, I have one question.. That online over?. Yes, one question.. Swami, you did tapas for Lord Datta on Etipotala hill, Swami.. There Lord Datta appeared to you as energetic incarnation, not as human incarnation.. Why energetic incarnation, Swami? Why not it?. That is the natural.. You see, human incarnation also can appear as energetic incarnation, but that is uncommon.. The common natural form is for Krishna, the natural form is human incarnation only.. Not energetic incarnation.. For God Datta, the natural form is energetic incarnation.. Now when then if he wants, he can change.. He can take after all, it is a question of the medium.. Medium there it is energy, here it is matter.. E is equal to MC square.. So energy can be condensed into matter.. Matter can be converted into energy.. So Krishna can become Datta.. Datta can appear as Krishna.. It is scientifically explained.. Even miracle is not necessary.. Matter is condensed energy.. Interconversion is there between energy and matter.. So he can convert, God Datta can convert himself into Krishna.. And Krishna can convert into God Datta.. Now when then?. But original forms are for God Datta, energetic form.. And for Krishna, human form.. So normally there will be in those things only, in those forms only.. Why he should condense his energy into matter and again he can reconvert into energy?. That is bad administration.. Then in one stage, even in energetic form he can talk with me.. Why should he convert into matter and after talking with me he converts back into energy?. That is bad administration.. He is an administrator, excellent administrator.. He will not do unnecessary things.. You answered kind of my other question also Swahib.. Why I ask this is, when you prayed to Sathya Sai Baba, he appeared as a human incarnation.. Yes.. Because he came as a human incarnation.. He is in human form.. He can appear as human form.. Why should he appear as energy form?. I was comparing these two events.. There Sathya Sai is in human form.. God Datta is in energetic form.. That is their natural forms.. By miraculous power they can appear as matter, forms of matter also.. Understood Swahib.. So questions are very less in numbers.. I should have slept up to four or five.. Actually Datta Jayanti begins from now, from this minute.. Not eating meals, taking food items and then sleeping.. That is not Datta Jayanti.. Datta is Guru Datta, knowledge.. In fact, in order not to have drowsiness and to keep the brain alert,. all of us should have fasted today and did the satsang.. The brain will be very active.. On all other festivals, full eating and sleeping and in the night seeing a cinema.. So that okay chalta hai.. But for Guru Datta, he is the embodiment of knowledge.. When knowledge discussion takes place, he is very much pleased.. Gnana igne na tena aham istasyaam iti me matihi.. I like the spiritual debate, spiritual discussion.. He doesn't like the vadaayi, purnaam and all these things.. So every festival in fact we should turn as Datta festival.. You see, in Krishna's tummy, you fast and then engage in Bhagavatam.. Sriramana Umi, you fast.. Ancient generation, elders they used to fast on festivals.. Sriramana Umi, you fast.. So while fasting, the heavy food, the drowsiness will leave, will not be there.. Mind will be very alert.. Then you can follow their life histories, their life, divine life and get inspiration.. By that the God is pleased..