is very secret. It is not a public topic because if I take somebody's sin, punishment and undergothe punishment, it is based on my love to that devotee. Now how you can snatch that?Due to my love, I am undergoing the punishment. Is it justified for you to ask a share fromit? Somebody has given me a poison due to love. I am eating. You are asking share fromit? He has more love on me. Then you become more real devotee. You improveyour devotion. You become more real devotee. You become more real devotee. You become moredevotion. You become more and more real devotee so that I can also take that poison from youalso. Giving poison is your duty. Eating poison is my duty. So moreover, that is a very secrettopic that is generally not opened. Rama, Krishna also, they also underwent those thingsbut never that aspect was opened. Only Dattavataras, Shirdi Sai Baba.And all these Avataraas, only that topic was opened. Otherwise it is a secret topic becauseif I undergo the punishment of the sin of my real devotee and make him know that I haveundergone the punishment of the devotee of, punishment of that devotee, it is not a real love.Advertisement should not be done. Secretly it should be done. Secretly it should be done.Then he will become grateful to me. That is again business devotion. Is it not? So itis without very top secret, it is highly secret. The devotee whom I love, I will take the pain,the punishment. All are not of that status. All are not real devotees also. So, I am notdoing the work. So, I will take the pain, the punishment. All are not real devotees also.Some people for their solutions of their worldly problems, they come to God, is not. So, thatshould not be exposed. That should not be advertised. That should not be made public.It is sanctity will be lost. And this aspect is made public because that is a public being.Yes, yes.So, the point is that, this is the main point. The point is that, this is the main point.That is the main point. So, the point is that, this is the main point. So, if you are ready to comepublic by me also several times only to you see i took the responsibility ofpropagating the true and complete spiritual knowledgethis also is one aspect of that knowledgeif i hide this aspect it is not complete spiritual knowledge one aspect is hiddenso for the sake of complete spiritual knowledge this has to be exposedwhenever such a suffering was done i gave proof alsoseveral proofs in my you can find that is to show thepersonality of god the love of god see god has three aspects incarnation knowledge loveand miraculous powers three knowledge from god love god wisdom miraculous powers of god shivathese three are very fundamental essential things of a human incarnation of godsothis is only to to show that aspect god incarnationlove of god is very important and it is very important to understand that god has the love fordevotees and really the love for devotees of god is very purebecause the love of a human being for another human being is not trueinit is told by sagethe wife loves her husbandbut for her happiness the husband loves the wife not for her happiness but for his happinessthe father loves the son so that this fellow will serve me in the old agebut he is happy the son loves for his father he will give some property to meeverywhere all these worldly bonds are selfishthere is nosacrificeall are selfish all worldly bondsexcept god because god has no need to derive happiness from youall his desires were fulfilled he doesn't have any designthen what is the need of anybodyhe doesn't have any desirehe doesn't have any desirehe doesn't have any desireto get happiness from himso when god loves the devoteethat love alone is without selfishnessthere is no selfishnessif he loveshe is not loving for his happinesshe is loving for his happinessdevotee's happinessto uplift himso only god's love is without selfishnessand that is why we are not happy with our love for godall other world is not happy with our love for godall other world's love are selfishall other world's love are selfishall other world's love are selfishcovered by illusionsweet honey capsulethat's allbut in the truth isevery worldly bond is only selfish loveatmanasonly for selfish happinessthese worldly bonds are loving youthat is truththat is truththat is truthif you are givinginstead of giving happiness to the wifeif you are giving tortureshe will run awayno no noi will stay here onlyi want your happinesssuppose by giving you torture to meyou are happymy love is only for your happinessnot for my happinesslet me stay here itselfwill she stayshe will not staybut she will not beso ways of lovesee thatif she had herif she had herfamilythenbutWhen the life goes out and when your body gets decayed, giving smell, even the wifewill not come near that.It is what he told Bhajagohindra.But God comes to you, God comes to the dead body.So that is it.Swami, one more question Swami.Shiva in his Tamasic state destroys.So he destroys.He destroys both good and bad at the call of Mahapradaya.So what is destruction of good here Swami?You see, good means suppose there is a good forest, good flower.Suppose there is some bad stone, he destroys both.Oh this flower is good, let me destroy everything except this flower.He would feel like that.Sarva, all world is destroyed without any discrimination between good and bad.This is bad mud, let me destroy this.This is very good flower, let me keep it.No, he will destroy both.So for that discrimination, lack of discrimination, discrimination must not be there.When discrimination will be absent?When ignorance is there, discrimination will be absent.Ignorance is tabas.So he is made of tabas.For that purpose, for that purpose, his quality is taken.What is Vishnu?He is ruling.He must have knowledge, information of everything, every item, every aspect.A judge.He must have knowledge.He must have knowledge.So for the sake of purpose, the quality is taken.And moreover, tamas has a very good side also.You see, I told every quality, if you turn it to good side, it is good quality.If you turn to bad side, that is bad quality.Even good quality has bad face and even bad quality has good face.Anger, bad quality.But when you show anger on a student who is indisciplined for his welfare, is that anger bad quality?It is a good quality there.If you show anger on a good person, that is bad quality.Isn't it?So if you support, you see, helping anybody is good.If you support a bad fellow, is it a good quality?But helping is good quality.Paropakaara punyaya, papaya parapidana.Helping anybody is punya, good merit.And troubling anybody is sin.If you trouble a bad fellow, is it sin?Paritranaya sadhonam, vinasaya cha duskurdam, he told.What when, when you are a bad fellow, you are a good person.You are a good person.What when, when Christian person asked me, you see, your Krishna told paritranaya sadhonam,vinasaya cha duskurdam, but our Jesus told, love everybody, no question of punishment,see full love.Then I asked him, then why in your Bible that liquid fire is mentioned?Liquid fire, they say purugu chavadu, nippu aranam.Purugu chavadu, this fellow will not die and the fire will not extinguish.Fire will not be stopped.Continuous chitra himsa, full life long chitra himsa.Is it love?Yes, it is love.It is also love, I told.Because his aim is to change the quality of that soul and make him good.Hell, I told in some, somewhere in the knowledge, hell is the best example for his love.See, your own child got some fever, you want that fever should go quickly, you are takinghim for, to the doctor for injection.He cries, is it your vengeance, your anger on the child?It is love on your child, if I give tablets it will take some more long time tocure the fever, now by this injection by evening he will come to normal.That is only your love, your extreme love is injection.Your weak love is tablets.