You see, there are of course eight types of devotion, all that you know, Ravana, Kirtana,. Vishnu, Asmara, Parasayavana, Arjuna, Vandana, Dasya, Sakya, Ata, Nivedana.. These nine types of devotion are told by the scripture.. But to make it simplify, what I say is, the best thing is to hear the details of God.. If that is done, you have thrown matchstick, and burning is definite.. Everything will stick.. You are not interested in God only because of lack of details of knowledge of God.. So, here when you see the TV, you see the channels which preach the details of God,. and also which preach the spiritual knowledge of God, that is the real essence of God.. And if you see cinemas, see cinemas which are completely divine.. Even partially divine are also good.. Nowadays, they are taking cinemas, the trend is everything social, now and then God, introduction.. Like that Hanuman picture, very one or two places only God Hanuman appears.. Rest is social story only.. There also the impression on God can happen very well.. It is just like while eating the hot dishes, you eat the sweet dish.. That will be very tasty, no?. Then continuously eating the sweet dish, that you will get bored.. So, such cinemas are getting good success also.. Now, eat continuously hot dishes, now and then you eat the sweet dish, that will have lot of impression.. Such trend cinemas are succeeding nowadays.. Completely social this picture is just like eating continuous hot dishes, that also you will get bored.. Completely eating sweet dishes also you will get bored.. So, that is why God says in Dattavedam I have written,. You are in the path of devotion, for some time you will be forcibly dragged to the world.. And you will spend some time in the world and you get bored, vexed, pained.. Then you will come to the God, it is just like the culvert.. Culvert stopping the water, flow of water, only to increase the speed of the flow of water.. When it crosses the culvert, it brings lot of speed.. So, you need not, that is what,. Narada Bhakti Sutra also the sutra says,. Thadarpitha khilacharatha tadvismarane paramavyakulateti. That is when you are dragged by Maya into the world, after some time you feel very much pained.. Oh, I have lost God.. You get lot of pain and reattach to God.. So, that is the real devotion, that is what Sage Narada says.. Thadvismarane paramavyakulateti. When you are dragged into the world from God, you will be bored with the world for some time.. And then when you return to God, it is just like water crossing the culvert with terrible speed.. That is what Sage Narada told in Bhakti Sutra.. Thadvismarane paramavyakulateti. That is very much suitable for this Kali Yuga, for this present day.. That is very much, don't worry when you are dragged into the world.. And when you come back from the world to God, you will get very good attachment to God.. Very good attachment.. So that world, dragging to the world, dragged to the world serves like a hot dish while eating sweet dishes.. It only increases the devotion.. So you need not worry, we are dragged into this world unnecessarily.. We have forgotten God, I have lost the time unnecessarily.. See, you have lost the time no doubt, but in that time the speed of the water is slow.. But even though you lost the time, when you get back, the speed is very much.. That is Sage Narada's excellent point.. Anything more?. Namaskaram Swami.. Swami, you just explained about single pointed devotion.. Whatever God wants or wishes, concentrate 100% on that.. My question is, what actually you want Swami, that will please you the most?. Is it your personal service or propagation of your spiritual knowledge or context based?. You ask God.. That's what it is.. What is your message?. Would you like to take coffee or tea or some cool drink?. That is what people ask.. What you like, I must know.. And I must bring that to you without asking you.. Without asking you, I bring coffee to you, deciding that you like coffee.. Then the mistake is that your intention is that coffee is liked by God, that is your intention.. But God should like the coffee, that is the concept.. Whether God likes coffee or tea or green tea or something, suppose you ask God, will it not be clear?. Is it not clear?. What do you like?. One time he may like tea, another time he may like coffee, another time he may like some juice.. Is it not?. Context to context, that also differs.. God will always like coffee, that is not.. He also wants entertainment.. He wants change.. He got bored with the continuous loneliness.. He wanted entertainment with the second item.. Is it not?. God also gets bored.. So that is not, especially in the case of contemporary human incarnation, that problem will not come.. That problem will not come.. God expresses his desire completely, even before you ask.. I tell you an example.. Rama entered into the war.. After the end of the first day war, Rama told Ravana,. you bring back Sita and give to me, I will stop the war and go back to Ayodhya.. Then what Hanuman should have thought?. Hanuman is also incarnation of God Shiva.. God Shiva took the avatar of Hanuman, incarnation, to help Rama to kill Ravana.. The main purpose of Ramayana is to kill Ravana.. Who is he troubling all?. Is it not?. Then Hanuman should have thought like this.. This fellow Vishnu is very selfish.. He says that if Sita is brought, he will stop the war and go back to Ayodhya.. For what purpose God Vishnu took the avatar of Rama?. For what purpose I took the avatar of Hanuman?. This fellow forgot everything.. Why Rama went to forest?. So that Ravana will steal Sita.. So that Ravana will go and kill Ravana.. That is the thing.. He forgot everything.. Because Rama is Manushavatar, Adarshya Manushavatar.. He is not Leela Manushavatar like Krishna.. He doesn't remember.. He is immersed in the role.. He doesn't remember that he is the actor.. But he is testing Hanuman.. That is what I am telling you.. So Hanuman should have thought like this.. And come to Rama and told,. Rama, you take Sita.. Suppose he brings Sita.. You take Sita and go back to Ayodhya.. Tomorrow I will fight with Ravana.. I will kill Ravana.. Though you are not serving the program mission,. I will complete the mission.. I will kill Ravana.. He did not say like that.. You know, in fact, next day,. had Ravana brought Sita and given to Rama,. and Rama returned back to Ayodhya,. Hanuman will follow Rama to Ayodhya.. He will not do the work.. He will not fight with Ravana.. Rama already expressed.. You are telling that how to know.. Even before you are asking that,. do you like coffee, do you like tea?. Rama came and told, I like coffee.. I like brew coffee.. He announced already.. To that distance we need not go.. Okay.. Thank you, Swami.. Then next.. Swami, next question is from Mr. Vishnu.. Swami, as you said,. listening about divine honey,. at least while drinking coffee is the first step.. In the same way,. Honey is not divine nectar.. Yes, Swami. Divine nectar,. at least while drinking coffee is the first step.. In the same way,. if listening to this satsang is the first step,. how can people follow all the remaining steps. and see God who doesn't even understand this satsang in English,. which is the first step?. I told in Telugu.. You are telling in English,. we understand in Telugu,. but English is not understood.. That's why you are attending the satsang.. I don't understand anything now.. What can I do if I attend now?. That means,. for so many years I did satsangas in Telugu.. While I was in Andhra Pradesh,. I wrote several books.. Several books were published in Telugu only.. Almost all the books were published in Telugu.. Now I thought that. the international language or. world language is English.. For some time I served. Telugu, my mother tongue,. and my native state.. I served.. But I should serve other states also.. The rest part of the world I must serve.. And if I conduct in English,. then even in Telugu state,. there are several who understand English.. In English people,. in English there may be people. who may not understand Telugu.. But in Telugu state,. there are people who can understand English.. That is the program.. I worked in Andhra Pradesh.. And God Datta transferred me to English.. He gives a transfer to some other state.. Should the employee go or not?. No, I will be in Andhra only.. I will not.. I did a lot of service in Telugu.. And whatever I am teaching in English,. is already told in Telugu.. It is already recorded and printed in Telugu.. Of course, I may give different examples. at different times.. But concepts are same.. Concepts, there is no loss.. In Telugu versions also,. I am sending everyday in the form of messages.. All the messages, I am sending. whatever is written in Telugu.. That is also not correct.. If you are sending in Telugu,. why not in Tamil?. Why not in Hindi?. Why not in Punjabi?. Malayali?. You see.. English, if you want to know in Telugu,. you get it translated. by an English and Telugu scholar.. For example, let us take. Rama Sundari is not entertaining much English.. She always fights with me.. Swami, you are not doing justice to Telugu.. Like that, she fights with me.. But power is there.. She can ask her own son.. She can ask him.. And he can translate and tell to her.. Instead of trying to change the source,. instead of saying that. from that station I must get railway train only,. I will not trial in bus.. You have to get down at a station by train. and then take a bus.. No, no, I will not go by bus.. From there also there must be railway line.. That you will not do.. General main lines or train lines are there.. But to some places trains are not there.. Buses are there.. You have to use bus.. No, no, let that train come to my place also.. Like that you should cooperate.. You should cooperate with the program.. Because how can you treat me as a Telugu man?. That is not Telugu man.. He is universal.. Universal. He is Vishwaguru.. He is the guru of the entire world.. And especially he is based on universal spirituality.. I don't feel anything.. Especially in Andhra people,. Telugu people,. they are not very active.. They are always filled with doubts.. Any amount of spiritual knowledge you may inject into them.. But the doubts will be coming.. That is why in Veda it is told,. Andha Havata Ichchandra.. Vishwamitra says Vishwamitra is the only one who is active.. Andha Havata Ichchandra.. Vishwamitra says Vishwamitra had 100 sons.. And his sister is Satchavati.. And his son is purchased by King Harishchandra. to be given in sacrifice in his sacra egyam.. That son is taken by, he is called as Shonash Sheva.. He is taken by King Harishchandra.. On the way, he came to the ashram of Sage Vishwamitra.. Sage Vishwamitra had 100 sons.. Shonash Sheva is his maternal uncle.. Sage Vishwamitra is the maternal uncle of Shonash Sheva.. Then Shonash Sheva, Sage Vishwamitra called his 100 sons one by one.. My maternal, he is going to be sacrificed.. At least one of you go instead of him for the sacraments.. Then everybody refused, telling you go instead of telling Andhra.. You go.. Then Sage Vishwamitra cursed them.. Andha Havata Ichchandra.. You become blind.. They became Andhras.. They became Andhras.. See, one quality of Andhra is that, Andhra means blind.. Andha, blind.. When he goes to see a drama, he doesn't see the scenes and claps.. If others clap, he claps.. He claps at the end.. No, whatever I feel I am telling frankly.. Though I am Andhra, I am telling.. I am not an other state person criticizing Andhras.. I myself am Andhra.. So, somehow they hear the knowledge.. They understand very well.. Very, very good understanding power is there.. But in small, basic, small, they don't mind the loss of pumpkin fruits.. They are very careful about mustard seeds.. The loss of mustard seeds, you know, when I went their houses. and preach spiritual knowledge for hours together for their welfare,. they were calculating for giving meals to me.. I know they did not express, but I know their minds.. They were calculating about the meals.. After all, one meal to a person, how much it costs?. Is it not?. After our eating, so much is wasted also.. Sometimes it is wasted.. They hear the knowledge for the whole day.. But in the night if I stay for meals, they are calculating.. See, I am giving divine nectar.. I am giving divine nectar which will create devotion in them.. And by that devotion, they can get mountains of wealth.. Mountains of wealth.. But they are not seeing that.. They are calculating the cost of the meals that is given to me.. See, instead of preaching this knowledge to them,. if I preach in IIT entrance, I was an IIT entrance teacher in Narayana, Chaitanya and all that.. They give Nalanda.. They give lakhs of rupees.. When I resigned from a job from KLCE,. Narayana has sent one of his college principals to my house offering 60 lakhs per month.. I was recognized as specialist in energetics.. Energetics, there is a chapter in intermediate in IIT also.. He came to my house offering 60 lakhs per year.. I left it. I refused. You know that.. I refused that and dedicated myself to preach spiritual knowledge.. That will not only give salvation to you,. but that also will develop devotion in you by which God is pleased to give you mountains of wealth.. Mountains of wealth will come by the devotion of God.. So that is how I got really to speak.. I got some aversion to Andhras.. These are blind people.. They cannot be uplifted.. Of course, there are some exceptions.. There are very good exceptions.. Pani is an exception.. Ajaygarh is an exception.. Sharma is an exception.. So there are, see, everywhere there are good people and bad people.. I don't say 100%.. Some good people are there. Some good people.. They are by mistake born in Andhra.. So I have published so many books in Telugu only.. Sanskrit and Telugu translations.. We did not publish any book in English.. Only 10 books.. Only 2 lakh books were published.. 100 varieties and 2 lakh books.. All books I have published in Telugu only.. Only later on this website is in English.. And my speeches are in English.. So not like that. Don't take that as serious thing.. The main thing is I must not stick to a language.. I must spread my knowledge throughout the world as far as possible.. Because diamonds are scattered everywhere in the world.. Gravel stones are segregated in every local region.. Every place you have got gravel stones.. But diamonds, one diamond here, one diamond in another state, another diamond in another country.. Diamonds are scattered.. Gravel stones are segregated.. So my knowledge is always for diamonds.. Not for gravel stones.. What is the use of teaching gravel stones?. Nothing will enter into their brain.. Finally after hearing the whole knowledge, what enters that brain, that gravel stone?.