I want some attachment.. If you detach yourself to coffee, attach myself to God.. Some attachment I want.. You cannot control mind when it rebels.. If you are like a gentleman, then it will be also like a gentleman.. If you rebel, no, no.. Be detached from everything.. No, it will rebel.. You will be defeated by mind.. So what is the question?. I forget.. For what I have given the answer.. So Swami, the question is like this.. What is moksha?. And you are by loving God.. Loving God is moksha.. So I have given the answer.. I have given the answer.. Yes, Swami.. Yes, any question?. Yes, Swami.. One more question, Swami.. This question is from Mr. Aravind.. Namaskaran, Swami.. Being an ordinary mortal coiled in worldly wants, will we get a chance to ever witness. God like how Swami Ramakrishna showed us the divine power of God?. To ever witness God like how Swami Ramakrishna showed Swami Vivekananda?. Again, you repeat.. In the earlier part, I did not catch.. Okay, so I will repeat the question, Swami.. Being an ordinary mortal coiled in worldly wants, will we get a chance to ever witness. God like how Swami Ramakrishna showed Swami Vivekananda?. You see, I understood the spirit of the question.. Can we taste divine nectar when I am drinking coffee for every one hour in the day?. Every one hour I need a cup of coffee.. Can I taste that divine nectar?. That is the question.. Yes, you can taste.. How?. There is a procedure.. To taste the divine nectar, you must have the complete knowledge of the divine nectar.. You don't know that divine nectar exists.. How can this question come?. Even if you don't know, you are so much immersed in coffee that you never heard about divine nectar,. then it is not possible.. When it becomes possible?. When you get total knowledge of the divine nectar, then you will get interest.. See, knowledge generates interest.. First you must try for knowledge.. How is Mumbai city?. You must hear what are the special things that can be seen in Mumbai city.. If I go to Mumbai city, what are the attractive things?. You must get the knowledge of Mumbai, the details of Mumbai city from somebody.. Then by hearing that knowledge, you will develop interest.. That interest is called as devotion.. So knowledge generates devotion.. Gnana Yoga liberates Bhakti Yoga.. Gnana Yoga develops Bhakti Yoga.. Unless you hear, how can you develop interest?. Interest is the devotion.. Interest is the inspiration.. Then when you develop devotion, then you will make a triumph.. You will go to the railway station.. You will walk to the railway station.. That is called as Karma Sanyasa.. You will take money and purchase tickets for Mumbai.. That is Karma Phalak Tyaga.. So hearing the details of Mumbai city is Gnana Yoga.. Developing interest to see Mumbai city is Bhakti Yoga.. Walking up to railway station is Karma Sanyasa Yoga.. And taking money from the pocket and purchasing ticket for Mumbai is Karma Phalak Tyaga Yoga.. These four steps must take place.. Then definitely you will taste divine nectar and leave the coffee.. It is possible, provided you follow the procedure.. So first what step you must take?. First step is stop the drinking of coffee for some time. and hear about divine nectar at least here.. Or at least while taking coffee here.. Without that first step, can I see God?. First step is not possible.. We are not developing real interest even to hear the details of God.. When we open TV, we see only cinemas.. We don't see Samskar channel or Astha channel. in which divine things, stories about God and praise about God is told.. We don't have time to see Samskar channel.. And we ask, can I have a chance to meet God?. Even to hear the details of God, you don't have time.. Time, you don't have minimum interest.. How can you think of the result?. Dr. Geetha Lahari.. Am I correct?. The patient doesn't come to the hospital.. He wants perfect health.. Is it possible?. One thing I am telling all of you, very seriously.. In so simple way,. in so enlightened way,. I have not preached the spiritual knowledge in any incarnation.. Still,. I have not preached the spiritual knowledge in any incarnation.. Tomorrow when they come to hell,. Sir, we don't know all this.. Nobody told us.. Had we known, we would have pierced.. You have pierced the spiritual knowledge.. My responsibility is over.. I know that whether I preach or not preach,. the result is going to be same.. That I know very well.. But still I am preaching so that tomorrow you will not say in the hell,. Sir, we don't know about this thing.. Had we known, we would have moved the mountains.. Due to ignorance, we could not do this.. To escape.. Instead of getting rid of that blame,. I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I. am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I. am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I. am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I. am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I am telling you, I. will be more and more disqualified and that post will go more and more far. It is only. disqualifies. It only disqualifies. Instead of that you can say, I want to preach some. good spiritual knowledge to the humanity and help them in their salvation. That much is. enough. That much you can think. Then God will automatically make you incarnation. But. starting itself, I want to make him incarnation. The liking is for the child, not for the responsibility.. Our always accompany the responsibilities. There is a saying, ours always accompany the. responsibilities. So you think of the responsibility. Do not think of the power. If you think that. I want to become human incarnation, that means you are aspiring for power, not responsibility.. Suppose you think, I want to serve the humanity, I want to help some human beings from the. ignorance and lead them to the true spiritual knowledge, to the true path to God, I want. to help. That is responsibility. If you think responsibility, power will be given. If you. think power, you will be moved far and far from the position. Follow?. What can we do to not to sprout that idea of getting incarnation, Swami?. Do you think about that like this? As I told, we should not aspire for power. We should aspire only for. responsibility. That you repeatedly think that will form a samskara in you. And that will always come to your risk. at the proper time.. Padanamaskaram, Swami. Swami, you told the personal work of God is 100% related to God only.. What is the reason for that?. As I told, the personal work of God is 100% related to God only. If you see the mission of God, it is 50%. related to the welfare of the souls and 50% related to God. Because God is pleased by the mission.. Geeta says that perfect devotee shall have 100% concentration on God only, which is called as single-pointed devotion.. Some devotees say that they are unable to do personal service to Swami and they are not much interested in. propagation of Swami's knowledge. So, does this show that their higher level of one-pointed devotion to Swami?. Yes, perfectly that is correct. After all, the higher level of one-pointed devotion to Swami is not. what is the ultimate spiritual effort of sathana to develop 100% concentration on God.. That is everything. Why should you worry about the mission of God?. Even without you, he can do it in fraction of second. If he wants.. Unless you help, he can't do it. Is he so incapable?. Is God Rama so incapable of crossing the sea, killing Ravana and getting back Sita?. In fact, it is also correct because he needed to cross the sea. If he thinks, let Ravana die, let Sita come to my side.. It will happen in fraction of second. No need of bridge, no need of war.. Why should you think about the propagation of spiritual knowledge?. If suppose God thinks, let all be liberated, all be liberated.. Even if you do some propagation work of God, you will put your dirty finger somewhere and spoil the mission only.. And spoil the propagation of spiritual knowledge because somewhere you will show your intelligence.. And give a false concept. Interpret, misinterpret the concept.. Because we are dog's tails. We are dog's tails. Our tail never is straight.. So if some concept is told by God is to be preached to public, he will certainly curve it.. So instead of spoiling, better keep silent. God will himself do it.. So that is not the point at all. That is not the.... The entire essence of the spiritual knowledge is to develop full concentration on God only.. Leave everything behind. Leave everything aside.. The only essence is God.. If God wants, whether it is personal work or public work, that is immaterial to me.. What he wants, that is the essence.. That is the essence. That is the essence of the entire scriptures.. Holy concentration. What he... You see, that is what in Krishna Bhagavatam there is one sloka.. Apapunya vivekaya kuto yam grandhavistara. The gopikas were sages previously.. They wrote the ethics, dharmashastras.. They told, papapunya vivekaya, which is punyam and which is papam, for that, why we have written so many dharmashastras?. What is punyam and what is papam can be told in one sentence. Why we have written unnecessarily so many books?. What is that one sentence? Hare kopa karam papam punyantasya priya pradham.. What is dharma? What is punyam? That which pleases God is punyam.. That which is disliked by God is adharma or papa.. One sentence. Why we have written so many books to explain what is papa, what is punyam, what is dharma, what is adharma?. Simply one sentence we could have told. Hare kopa karam papam. If it is not liked by God, that is papam.. Punyantasya priya pradham. If it is liked by God, that is punyam, that is dharma.. In one sentence it is told, it can be told. Why we have written so many dharmashastras for papa, punyam, dharma and adharma?. That is the highest concept. Before that highest concept, all other are only secondary concepts.. Secondary concepts cannot cross the highest concept.. What is that highest concept? Hanuman is the highest concept. Radha is the highest concept.. What can cross Radha and Hanuman? And what they have did? Complete 100% concentration on God.. That too can't be human incarnation.. We say Bhagavatam is the highest. We say Ramayanam is the highest. But we don't accept the essence.. We accept Ramayanam Bhagavatam, the highest. We accept Ramayanam Krishna also as Gods.. But Ramayanam is human being, Krishna is human being. Can you accept human form as God? No, no, that time we can't.. What they are teaching? Those epics are teaching.. And by catching contemporary human incarnation, Hanuman has gone to Brahmaloka and Radha has gone to Goloka.. Highest, highest fruits. There is no higher fruit than that.. But why you are not accepting contemporary human incarnation?. You accept the concept, but don't accept the example.. That is the human weakness. That is the defect of human mind.. Why he is losing? He is losing the actual point. Everything he is catching.. When the actual point comes, he loses it.. What is the use of catching all the other things and leaving the actual, not clue, essence?. Any other question?. Swami, there are some online questions Swami.. This question is asked by Mr. Anil.. 10 rupees of hardened money also goes along with 10 paisa of corrupt money like compartments of train tied together. Why it is so?. Again you repeat the question.. Ok Swami. 10 rupees of hardened money also goes along with 10 paisa of corrupt money like compartments of train tied together. Why it is so?. I am not catching the essence of the question.. Why it is so means it is like Sathiridhi asking question.. Swami, when you came as Vamana, you suppressed Bari Chakravarthi.. Instead of that you could have asked when Vamana came to suppress Bari Chakravarthi, like that you can start.. When you came as Vamana, so that Kerala government will send police to arrest me.. Because for them Bari Chakravarthi is very important. Onam festival, you know, the worship of Bali.. Why it is so means what can I do?. That is a natural phenomenon. Why mango fruit comes to mango tree? It comes like that.. So one thing I can say here that 10 rupees justified money and 10 paisa corrupt money.. From this I can draw one concept that is even a person who is following justified path, most of his path is justified.. But somewhere he does some 10 paisa corruption. Somewhere he slips.. In some small place at least he slips and earns 10 paisa.. Then only every 10 rupees, every justified, justified earned 10 rupees, 10 corrupt paisa will go.. That means a person who earns 10 rupees in justified way is not present in the world.. In this world, at least in this Kali Yuga.. That is the conclusion I can draw from him, from his question.. That shows the present situation of the world in Kali Yuga that every there is no 100 percent absolute justified person.. Because in Kali Yuga three fourth is injustice. One fourth is only justice.. Therefore injustice is ruling the Kali Yuga.. So there is no 100 percent justified person.. Even if you call somebody as 100 percent justified person, he might have earned 10 rupees through justice.. But at least 10 paisa earned through injustice must be existing with him.. So you ask why? Why means it is because of this Kali age.. Why Kali age? Why you are blaming Kali time?. Yes, in fact we should not blame time. We should blame ourselves.. That means our ethical standards have fallen today to such extent that we don't find any 100 percent justified person in the present time.. At least some little one paisa injustice must be with everybody.. But by this you should not develop a concept that how can you advise me?. You are also having one paisa injustice.. You see you are having one paisa injustice but I am having 90 paisa injustice.. That is why you can advise me. You should see the quantity also.. Not quality only, quantity also.. See you have come to this house.. One mustard seed might have stuck to your pant and you might have gone to home.. That is also theft of mustard seed.. And one another fellow saw some pumpkin fruit and might have stolen it to the house.. That is also qualitatively theft.. Then the thief of mustard seed can advise that other fellow don't steal pumpkin fruit.. It will become theft.. You also stole mustard seed.. What right you have to advise me?. Not like that.. Not like that.. Quantitative difference must be also taken.. After one paisa injustice by his lack of attention, by his negligence it might have been done.. Thinking that it is also correct, he might have done that one paisa injustice.. So, like that, that shows the general fall of standard of ethics and general fall of devotion to God.. If devotion to God is there, sin will not be done.. In fear relaxation may come.. But if devotion is there to God, the sin will not happen.. If unintentionally, unknowingly some trace of sin happens, it will not create much problem to him.. It is unintentional.. You are walking on the road, the ant has fallen under your feet.. It died.. There is no intention.. It is not a sin.. Therefore, you have to treat such people also as 100% justified people.. Ok?. Yes, Swami.. Swami, next question is from Mr. Ansraj.. Namaskaran, Swami.. What are the various forms of theoretical and practical devotion that can be practised?. What are the various forms of theoretical and practical devotion that can be practised?.