Human being cooperated, God component there.. What is the purpose of human incarnation so that you can talk directly with God, you can. see God?. Is it not?. Unless that human being component became God, by seeing that human being component, how. can you say that you have seen God?. Unless both become one?. If both are not one, human being is human being, God is God, by seeing human being,. God is invisible, unimaginable, by seeing human being, how can you say that you have. seen God?. And when you have not seen God, what is the use of the human incarnation?. You wanted human incarnation to see God, to talk with God, to touch God, to live with. God.. I give you this time.. Unless human being became God, how can you get these four meaningful?. Is it not?. So therefore, in that context, he is both sat and asat.. But avyaktam you have brought that word.. Avyaktam means sat visible and sat invisible is avyaktam.. Sat visible is vyaktam, in gross state.. And when the same sat goes to the subtle state, it is avyaktam.. Sat is common.. You see visible light.. That is energy, that is invisible, that is vyaktam.. But the same energy goes to the invisible state like gamma rays, x-rays, etc.. There also the same energy is existing.. Sat is there, but it is invisible, avyaktam.. Avyaktam means invisible, existing, invisible.. This is existing, visible.. So sat stays in two stages, avyaktam and vyaktam.. And sat remains as sat.. In subtle state it is existing.. Gamma rays you are not seeing.. But gamma rays energy is existing.. Visible light you are seeing.. There also energy is existing.. Existence is not changing.. Only visible and invisible states are changing.. You follow?. Yes, there also.. Avyaktam yaktimapannam manyante mam abuddhaya.. They say that the unimaginable God, here you are referring avyaktam means unimaginable. God.. Now the point is gamma radiation is avyaktam.. It is avyaktam, but through some powerful microscope you can see it, it can become vyaktam.. You take the case of parabrahman, unimaginable God.. It is also avyaktam like gamma radiation for the eyes.. For the eyes it is not seen.. It is why it is avyaktam.. Like gamma radiation, parabrahman is also avyaktam, invisible.. But through microscope you can see gamma radiation, but through microscope you cannot see parabrahman.. But in both common is invisibility.. Invisibility is common, both are invisible.. But that parabrahman is unimaginable.. This gamma radiation is imaginable.. This gamma radiation is imaginable, invisible.. Parabrahman is unimaginable, invisible.. Common property, invisibility is there.. By common property you cannot say that parabrahman is gamma radiation.. There is differential property also, that is God is unimaginable and gamma radiation. is imaginable.. There is a differentiating factor and there is a common factor.. So there the sloka which you read, avyaktam yaktimapanam, I am the unimaginable God, at. the same time invisible also.. Ignorant people think that suppose the gamma radiation frequency is increased, it becomes. visible.. Now for gamma radiation parabrahman there is one commonality, that is invisibility.. Just like the invisible gamma radiation became the visible light, similarly the invisible. parabrahman became visible, people full stick like that.. Based on the commonality of the factor, they equalize both, but there is a differential. factor that God is unimaginable, gamma radiation is imaginable.. Are you following?. Abuddhaya, foolish people think that since I am invisible avyaktam, yaktimapanam, I became. visible.. Because invisible can become visible, invisible gamma radiation is becoming visible light. by reducing the frequency.. Like that, myself parabrahman also invisible became visible, that is what fools think.. Based on the commonality factor, both are invisible, but there is a differential factor.. I am unimaginable, that is imaginable.. So I will not become visible.. I will never become visible.. Nobody can see God with eyes, even with mind.. When that unimaginable and invisible God gets mediated, I am become visible.. No, that you should not apply.. He got mediated and appeared.. Mediated and appeared.. Not reduced the frequency.. That you can apply to gamma radiation.. Not to God.. God here became visible.. Understand?. Your wife is sleeping.. So there, the unimaginable God became visible not due to reduction of frequency like gamma. radiation becoming visible light.. He became visible due to mediation.. Because the unimaginable God is non-mediated, he is invisible and he is unimaginable.. That unimaginable God became mediated.. Therefore I am seen.. That is the meaning of kashin man veg tattvatah.. Kashin man veg tattvatah means one understands me, one sees me.. Does not mean that one can see the unimaginable God.. That does not mean that one can understand the unimaginable God.. That means the unimaginable God who got mediated himself and appeared is the same unimaginable. God and mediated.. Like that he understands.. Kashin man veg tattvatah.. He understands me as parabrahman.. Because there I was unmediated, here I am mediated.. A naked fellow in the bathroom is wrapped by dress, came out and is seen by people.. The same naked person condensed himself into a clothed person and came out.. That is another thing.. You follow?. Yes.. All of you understand?. Swami in continuation.. When unimaginable is already discussed, why is it again talking about invisible?. When it is not imaginable, why talking about invisibility, Swami?. You talk slowly, first let me understand.. If you talk fast I cannot understand.. When you said it is unimaginable, God is unimaginable, unimaginable means like you cannot imagine anything.. Yes.. Why do we say invisible when you already used unimaginable?. Because we have brought gamma radiation in comparison.. Gamma radiation is imaginable and invisible.. Parabrahman is unimaginable and invisible.. To show that commonality factor, I added this visible word to parabrahman also.. Then only I can compare gamma radiation with the unimaginable God.. What is the commonality factor?. Both are invisible.. Then shall I use the word invisible for parabrahman also or not?. Hrusheekeshi is red in color.. Kartikey is also red in color.. Then, no, no, you should not say Hrusheekeshi is red in color.. Like that how can you say?. To show the commonality, I am telling Hrusheekeshi is red, Kartikey is red.. No, no, you say Kartikey is red but not Hrusheekeshi.. Unless I say both, how can I show commonality?. Today's satsang is very deep.. Swami, there are questions from online. Shall I read, Swami?. Yes, yes.. This question is from Manikanta.. If unimaginable God is avyaktam, how can we say He exists?. How can we say He exists?. He exists because He got mediated and He is performing miracles.. See, the same unimaginable God became imaginable and visible.. The same unimaginable and invisible God became imaginable and visible by getting mediated.. The unimaginable miracles, the source of unimaginable miracles can be only unimaginable God.. And when the mediated God also is doing the same miracles,. that means the same unmediated God, unimaginable God, became the mediated, imaginable and visible God.. Because of the commonality of the unimaginable events called miracles in both of them.. Now here, one more correlation also can be given.. The fellow who was taking bath in the bathroom, he came, he finished bath and he got himself dressed and came out.. When he came out, still some parts of his body are visible.. That same naked fellow's parts, the legs are visible, the face is visible, the hands are visible.. So, even the same unimaginable God became visible partially.. Because the dress cannot completely cover from top to legs, then people will run away.. When Jesus told Lazarus, come out, come out, then he came out all wrapped with cloth, you know.. Nothing is seen.. Not like that.. He came with pants, a lungi and a shirt, hands are seen.. Hands are seen, feet are seen.. So even though he got mediated, some original part is seen.. What is that part?. That is the unimaginable events called miracles.. Partly he is seen, his legs are seen, his face is seen, his hands are seen.. Some unimaginable portion of unimaginable God becomes also visible.. And that portion which becomes visible is the unimaginable miracle done by God Dattah.. So what is the question?. If unimaginable God is avyaktam, how can we say he exists?. Ah, exists.. You see, the characteristic of unimaginable God is performing unimaginable event.. That is the characteristic of unimaginable God.. The unimaginable God became imaginable God by mediation.. And he is performing the same miracle.. This miracle gives the clue of the existence of unimaginable God.. That is called as inference.. Anumana pramana.. It is based on prachacha pramana.. That is, we have seen the unimaginable events performed by unimaginable God.. The same unimaginable events are also seen in this imaginable God, visible God.. Therefore that unimaginable God must be existing in this mediated God, mediated person.. Just like you have seen in the kitchen that smoke is coming from fire.. There you have seen both fire and smoke.. Now you are going, from the top of the hill some smoke is coming.. Based on your perception knowledge in the kitchen, now you will say since smoke is coming, there must be fire on the hill.. The knowledge that is attained by inference is called as induction.. The knowledge that is attained from perception is called as deduction.. Based on the deduction, that is, you have seen smoke coming from the fire in the kitchen.. Then you will have vyapti, that is generalization.. Wherever there is smoke, there must be fire.. Now you have seen smoke from the hill.. You are not seeing fire.. But based on the generalization of the deduction, your induction conclusion is that there is fire on the hill.. So not only perception is a proof for existence, but inference is also a proof for existence.. Yes, Swami.. Swami, there is one more question from online. Shall I read, Swami?. The following question is from Ms. Amudha.. Pada Namaskaran, Swami.. What is moksha? Love for God is moksha or basic self-love is moksha or both?. Both.. See, moksha means, simple direct meaning of moksha is liberation.. When you are bound by something, suppose you are bound by a rope and somebody came and cut the rope.. You got moksha from the rope.. Moksha means liberation, simply liberation.. You can use that word in any context.. I got liberation from the rope.. I got liberation from this husband.. That is also moksha?. Yes, Maya, I got moksha from my husband.. Moksha means simply liberation.. If you love both yourself and God, where is moksha?. It's not.. So, the person who loves himself is liberated from God. That is moksha.. The person who loves God is liberated from himself.. That is moksha.. So there are two types of moksha.. Whichever you like, you have.. Who objected?. Indian constitution has given freedom, fundamental rights, freedom.. Seven fundamental rights are given.. Freedom of speech, freedom of expression, like that.. So if you want freedom from varayad.. One thing, if you get freedom from one thing, you will get attachment to another thing.. Attachment means yoga.. Yoga, actual translation is union, attainment.. That is yoga.. Moksha means liberation.. Moksha means liberation.. Attainment of God, if you want.. You liberate yourself from all the worldly bonds, including yourself.. You are bonded to yourself, love of myself.. That is also a worldly bond.. That also one has to get liberation.. When Krishna died, all gopikas jumped into fire.. That means they got liberation from themselves.. From that I, they got liberation.. That is why they jumped into fire.. Ramakrishna Brahman, he could not see mother Kali.. He was trying very much tortured because mother did not appear.. Then he jumped on a knife.. Then mother appeared.. He jumped on knife means he got liberation from himself.. From the love of himself, love of I.. From that also he got liberation.. Then only he jumped.. He tried to sacrifice his life, that is himself, for the sake of God.. So all the worldly bonds, liberation from all the worldly bonds is necessary to attain God.. But the actual concept is that. instead of you forcibly trying to liberate yourself from the worldly bonds,. better you attach to God so that worldly bonds themselves will drop.. That is very easy.. There is no need of any strain.. Instead of leaving wife and children by fighting,. suppose you are always immersed in God, they will themselves leave you.. They will put you in your room lock and then go to cinema.. They themselves drop.. You need not put any effort.. Just like the Sardar came inside, goat went outside.. You know that joke?. Sardar and goat joke.. You don't know?. See, one goat was kept in a room.. And from each state, one person is sent into the room.. How many minutes this fellow can bear the smell of the goat?. One list is prepared.. Andhra Pradesh fellow went, 10 minutes he could bear.. Telangana person went, some 12 minutes he could bear.. Manjap Pradesh person went, 15 minutes he could bear.. Some list is being prepared.. But when Sardar, Punjab, when Sardar went inside, the goat came outside.. Now these judges went to the chairman and asked him,. what value we have to put?. For that fellow, 10 minutes.. For this fellow, 12 minutes.. For this fellow, 15 minutes.. For Sardar, how many minutes we have to put?. That joke has got a lot of importance in spiritual knowledge.. You can learn the real clue of salvation from that joke.. No, don't fight with family members.. Get yourself immersed in God always.. You have tasted His sweetness of God.. And you are immersed in God.. The sweetness of God.. And you are immersed in God.. The devasas will leave you.. No need of fighting, no need of quarrel.. Spontaneously drop out.. How is for salvation, this is the easiest method.. Get detachment by attachment.. You will always get real detachment by another real attachment.. Suppose you are seeing cinema.. You are so much attached and immersed in the cinema that even mosquitoes bite you.. Even the blood bugs swallow your blood.. You are not aware.. Detach from all those things.. Because of your attachment in the cinema.. Always real detachment comes from only another real attachment.. Without another real attachment, you cannot get real detachment.. You have tasted the divine nectar.. Then coffee dropped by itself.. Even if somebody forces you to drink coffee.. No, no, I don't like coffee.. But without tasting divine nectar, you leave coffee by force.. Some four days you can leave.. Fifth day one bucket of coffee you will drink.. So we can say it is impossible to get real detachment without another real attachment.. It is impossible.. Not only impossible, but also waste.. Because I am leaving coffee.. And leaving coffee is not a prerequisite to get divine nectar.. If you want to get divine nectar, you must leave coffee. There is no rule.. So by leaving coffee you are not getting divine nectar.. It is not a prerequisite rule.. Then what happens?. You have lost both coffee and divine nectar.. At least have coffee.. If divine nectar is not updated.. At least have coffee because the mind has got one terrible quality that it should be attached to something always.. Without attachment to anything the mind cannot stay alone.. Therefore it is impossible to get detachment without another attachment.. Mind will rebel..