He fought several wars previously. While Rajasuyaga Yajna was done by Dharmaraja, he went and fought. All these four brothers went in four directions and he did wars. 

Timestamp → 30:18

Why he withdraws from the war not because he is worried about violence. He wants non-voilence, Ahimasa, no no no not like that. Because he has to kill his grandfather. That is why he is making a cover.  No No No why unnecessarily killing all these *main is* grandfather. He will kill all except his grandfather. Once he starts fighting, he has to kill him also. Is it not. So that is why when he fought with Bhishma, for ten days he fought. He did not really fought with Bhishma. Only putting arrows like this…side arrows otherwise all very less days Drona five days, Karna two days, Sheyya half day, Duryodana half day. Total eighteen days. Only for Bhishma he took ten days. Because he is his grandfather. From the childhood, he nourished him you know. It is almost like father because Pandu died even before. , due to that Vyaamoha, that personal attraction, personal relationship just like selecting somebody who is related in an interview, the expert, his relative is there, as candidate, then he will select the candidate. He will argue. He is the best candidate. Whatever answer he has given, that answer is present in the research, not in the syllabus. But latest papers have come on that. He is very advanced student like that. Because he is related. If he is outsider, if he is not related to him, he will say no, he has given wrong answer. So this partiality, this partiality is there. So, that is why, he in fact, Arjuna came to fight for his share. It is actually Pravrutti. Ofcourse he is justified Pravrutti, not Dushpravrutti. Because, he came for his righteous share. For unjust thing he did not come. Righteous property he came. Share. So, he comes under Pravrutti. Pravrutti means justice. Vote for justice against injustice. Then, Krishna told, Krishna grasped this point, that this fellow is leaving even that, sacrificing that share for the sake of his grandfather. For the sake of his bond with grandfather. That is the real secret. And he is talking all nonsense, all just covering the fact. Krishna also did not point out that actual fact. “Eyy fellow, since your grandfather is there, you are stopping from fighting” - that He did not tell in Bhagavad Gita. Because he kept it secret and told everything else. Krishna also, since he did not tell it outside, He did not tell that point anywhere in Gita. What He told, He came from another side. I am God. My work is to destroy injustice and establish justice. Pandavaas are in the side of justice and Kouravaas are in the side of injustice. You enter Nivrutti. Then you are the servant of God. You have cut all your worldly bonds. All your worldly bonds are destroyed. When He said all the worldly bonds are destroyed, the bond with Bhishmaa also must be, indirectly He is telling that. He knows that He has caught the point. He indicated that. But as Nivrutti, as servant of God, to help in establishing justice, to help in condemning injustice, you fought on my behalf as my servant. He brought another strategy. This fellow brought some other strategy to cover his point. God also, did not open that issue, He also kept silent for that, He brought another strategy. “I am God. You are soul. So, God’s work. You must help God’s program. Then only God will be pleased with you.” So like that He brought Nivrutti topic. Therefore, you fight. You fight as my servant. To do, in my work, you are participating as my servant. This is not your work. Otherwise you don’t want your share. You don’t want to fight. Okay. I agree it. Don’t fight on that issue on that  ground. But fight on other ground. I am God. You are soul. You must be servant to me. This is my work. This is not your work and moreover, even if you don’t fight, don’t think that the war will stop, they will be killed by me. So therefore

Mayā hatānstvaṁ jahi savyasāchin

I am going to kill them. Already the time has come. I have decided to kill them. You just stand as an external outside fellow. It is my work. If you are not helping me, I will do my work. Am I inefficient to do my work? I can do my work and I can also help you in your work. You can neither do your work, what can you, how can help my work? Okay. So, if you help my work, then I will grace you. You will be benefited. If you don’t help my work, even then I will do my work. Even then, I am going to kill your grandfather. 

Mayā hatānstvaṁ jahi savyasāchin
Mayaivaitē nihatāḥ pūrvamēte

I have already killed them. These people who are standing against you, they are only dead bodies. They have no life. I have already taken their life. You are only killing the dead bodies. That's all. Like that He went to Nivrutti and made him fight. Then he taught even if I withdraw, my grandfather is going to die and by that I will lose also. I will not get salvation. Is it not. Anyway he is going to die, let me kill and get the salvation. Anyway the thing is going to happen. Why not I get the benefit? WHy should I lose? So like that, it was Krishna emphasized Gita, that you fight like my servant to help my program. He fought. Never Krishna never asked “I will help you, I will kill all of them. So at least in your share, give some share to me also.” He never asked in Gita. He only asked, “ You kill the injustice and establish justice. That is my work. You help my work”. Since I am helping you, give me some share to me. He never asked like that. If we are there in the place of Krishna, we will ask. Actually you are fighting only for the 50% of your share. The other 50% you give to me. Since I am helping you. Okay.

Timestamp → 39:01

Smt. Chhanda said:- 
Swami, can we say that since God Krishna asked him to kill his grandfather, can we say it was a test for Arjuna?

Swami replied:-
See test for Arjuna if you take it as a test for Arjuna, Arjuna failed in that test. See Arjuna took two births afterwards as the hunter and Swami Vivekananda. He did not get salvation in that birth itself. So, even before testing, Arjuna showed his failure in that concept. See, when he is telling that I will not kill Bhishma, “Will you kill Bhishma or not for my sake?”
