He fought several wars previously.
While Rajasuya Yaga was done, Ijna was done by Dharmaraja.
He went and fought.
All these four brothers went into four directions and he did wars.
Why he withdraws from the war?
Not because he is worried about violence.
He wants non-violence or himsa.
No, no, not like that.
Because he has to kill his grandfather, that is why he is making a cover.
No, no, no, why you are necessarily killing all these?
He needs grandfather.
He will kill all except his grandfather.
Once he starts fighting, he has to kill him also.
So that is why when he fought with Bheeshma, for ten days he fought.
He did not really fought with Bheeshma.
Only putting arrows like that, side arrows.
All very less days, Nirvana five days, Karna two days, Shailya half day, Duryodhana half day.
Total eighteen days.
Only for Bheeshma he took ten days.
Because he is his grandfather.
From the childhood he nourished him.
He is almost like father because Ponto died even before him.
So therefore, due to that yamaha, that personal attraction, personal relationship, just like
selecting somebody who is related in an interview, the expert, his relative is there, a candidate,
then he will select the candidate.
He will argue.
He is the best candidate.
Whatever answer he has given, that is present in the research.
Not in the syllabus, but latest papers have come on that.
He is very advanced to it like that.
Because he is related.
If he is outsider, if he is not related to him, he will say no, he has given wrong answer.
So this partiality, this partiality is there.
So that is why he, in fact, Arjuna came to fight for his share.
It is actually pruruti.
Of course, he is justified pruruti, not dush pruruti because he came for his right way
share.
For unjust thing he did not come.
Right way prapati he came, share.
So, he comes under pruruti.
Pruruti means justice, vote for justice against injustice.
Then Krishna told, Krishna grasped this point that this fellow is leaving even that, sacrificing
letter share for the sake of his grandfather, for the sake of his bond with grandfather.
That is the real secret.
And he is talking all nonsense, just covering the fact.
Krishna also did not point out that actual fact.
I said, no, since your grandfather is there, you are stopping from fighting.
That he did not tell in Bhagavad Gita.
Because he kept it secret and told everything else.
Krishna also, since he did not tell it outside, he did not tell that point anywhere in Gita.
What he told, he came from another side.
I am God.
My work is to destroy injustice and establish justice.
Pandavas are on the side of justice.
Kauravas are on the side of justice.
You enter nivruthi.
Then you are the servant of God.
You have cut all your worldly bonds.
All your worldly bonds are destroyed.
When he said all the worldly bonds are destroyed, the bond with Bhishma also must be destroyed.
He is telling that.
He knows that he has cut the point.
He indicated that.
But as a nivruthi, as a servant of God, to help in establishing justice, to help in condemning
injustice, you fought on my behalf as my servant.
He brought another strategy.
This fellow brought some other strategy to cover his point.
God also did not open that issue.
He also kept silent on that.
He brought another strategy.
I am God.
You are soul.
So, God's work, you must help God's program.
Then only God will be pleased with you.
So, like that, he brought nivruthi topic.
Therefore, you fight.
You fight as my servant.
In my work, you are participating as my servant.
It is not your work.
Only you don't want your share.
You don't want to fight.
Okay.
I agree.
Don't fight on that issue, on that ground.
But fight on other ground.
I am God.
You are soul.
You must be servant to me.
This is my work.
This is not your work.
And moreover, even if you don't fight, don't think that the war will stop.
They will be killed by me.
Maya hatam sumje he savye sachin.
I am going to kill them.
Already the time has come.
I have decided to kill them.
You just stand only as an external outside fellow.
It is my work.
If you are not helping me, I will do my work.
Am I inefficient to do my work?
I can do my work and I can also help you in your work.
You can neither do your work nor I.
How can you help my work?
Okay.
Excellent.
So, if you help my work, then I will grace you.
You will be benefited.
If you don't help my work, even then I will do my work.
Even then I am going to kill your grandfather.
Maya hatam sumje he savye sachin.
I have already killed them.
These people who are standing against you, they are only dead bodies.
They have no life.
I have already taken their life.
You are only killing the dead bodies.
That's all.
Like that he went to Nivruthi and made him fight.
Then he thought, even if I withdraw, my grandfather is going to die.
And by that I will lose also.
I will not get salvation.
Anyway he is going to die.
Let me kill and get salvation.
See, anything is going to happen.
Why not I get the benefit?
Why should I lose?
So, like that it was Krishna emphasized in Gita that you fight like my servant to help my program.
He fought.
Krishna never asked, I will help you.
I will kill all of them.
So at least in your share, give me some share to me also.
He never asked in Gita.
He only asked you to kill the injustice and establish justice.
That is my work.
You help my work.
Since I am helping you, give some share to me.
He never asked like that.
If we are there in the place of Krishna, we will ask him.
At least you fought, you are fighting only for 50% of the share.
The other 50% give to me.
Since I am helping you.
He said that Arjuna, since Lord Krishna asked him to kill his grandfather, can we say it was a test for Arjuna?
See, test for Arjuna, if you take a test for Arjuna, Arjuna failed in that test.
See Arjuna took two births afterwards as the hunter and Swami Vivekananda.
He did not get salvation in that birth itself.
So, even before testing, Arjuna showed he will fail you in that concept.
See when he is telling that I will not kill Bhishma, will you kill Bhishma or not for my sake?
