they are modern incarnations of God or Sadgurus suitable for the modern intellectuals, who are just interested in the relief of their stress without the help of God.] 

  

5) Parivartana vikṣepa, pūrṇa mokṣāyanai stribhiḥ । 
Śāntyupāyo mano mārgo, jvarasyārdra paṭopamaḥ ।। 

[The mental stress can be permanently removed if the soul undergoes reformation through realization (knowledge), repentance (devotion) and non-repetition of sin (practice). At least, the stress is temporarily removed by postponement of punishments given by God through devotion or the stress is permanently removed through the climax devotion in which God undergoes all punishments of sins of the devotee. All these three methods are the medicines with variable potencies in various cases whereas these psychological tricks preached by modern preachers are like pacifying the fever with the help of wet cloth on forehead without using the medicine!] 

  

6) Ādya tejo'vatāro'haṃ, Dattākhyaḥ Paramātmanaḥ । 
Dattasvāmi naropādhiḥ, Satyajñāna pracārakṛt ।। 

[I am the first energetic incarnation in which the ParaBrahman or unimaginable God is merged permanently and I am the permanent residential address of ParaBrahman. I came down to this world by merging with a human devotee called Dattaswami becoming human incarnation. The purpose of the present human incarnation is to preach the true spiritual knowledge to this entire world so that all the spiritual preachers and their spiritual students get right direction in their spiritual path.] 

  

7) Ākāśadaṃ Parabrahma, nohyamasti vibhūtibhiḥ । 
Ākāśāt paramākāśa-prāgabhāvo vimṛśyatām ।। 

[The first step is to draw the attention of the human being towards genuine miracles expressed by the devoted souls or human incarnations in this world. These unimaginable miracles indicate their source as the unimaginable God, who is beyond this imaginable creation that is existing as four-dimensional space-time model. If an item is beyond space, you can’t imagine it even by concentration for millions of births. God, being the generator of space does not have space in Him since space can’t exist in God before its generation from God and hence, God is always unimaginable standing beyond space and scientific logic. By the unimaginable miracles only existence of unimaginable God is