inferred and no information is known about His nature except that He exists due to observed unimaginable miracles.] 

  

8) Vijñānaṃ sarga bodhāya, na tvanūhyasya bodhakṛt । 
Mounaṃ sādhu na vaktā ca, nāṅgīkāraśca nāstikaḥ ।। 

[Science is certainly the topmost authority in giving correct analysis of all the imaginable items of this imaginable creation and in this way, science shall be respected. But, science cannot apply to the case of unimaginable God in whose case even science fails to explain the unimaginable events called miracles. A scientist keeps silent about the miracles and this is the correct procedure. Both the unimaginable God and the unimaginable miracles can be best represented by silence. The atheist neither explains the genuine miracles nor accepts the existence of unimaginable God and His unimaginable miracles.] 

  

9) Devī Nikhilayo śśīṣye!, vīci dravya dvibhāvavat । 
Avatāraṃ dvidhā paśya, viśvarūpaṃ tathā Hareḥ ।। 

[O Student of Devi and Nikhil! The human incarnation with which God Datta merged, behaves as God and human being in different contexts like electron behaving with dual nature of wave and particle in different contexts. The wave is the first energetic incarnation called God Datta and the particle is the devoted human being (medium) with which Lord Datta merged. The electron behaves like wave in certain contexts and behaves like particle in certain other contexts. Similarly, the human incarnation behaves like materialized human being on normal occasions and behaves like the unimaginable energetic form on some special occasions like appearing as God Datta while giving divine visions to some devotees and while doing some miracles. You have to understand this while Kṛṣṇa, driving chariot as human being gave cosmic energetic vision to Arjuna as God Datta.] 

  

10) Vibhūtikṛt Parabrahma, Paramārtha sadātmadam । 
Vyavahāraghaṭa ssargo, vibhūteravakāṣadaḥ ।। 

[The unimaginable miracles are done by unimaginable God, who is the absolute reality generating the world like the lump of mud generating the shape of pot, which (world or shape of pot) is the relative reality. The shape of pot (world) by itself is unreal, but, it becomes absolutely real like the mud (God) since the mud (God) grants its own absolute reality to the pot (world). That, which is unreal by itself and becomes absolutely real due to the gained absolute reality from its cause is called as the relative reality. Unimaginable God is the absolute reality whereas His creation is relative reality. One absolute reality can’t do miracles in another absolute reality. Miracles are done by one absolute reality in another relative reality only.] 

  

11) Narakūrpāsakāntastha, Datta kañcuka darśanam । 
Nohyasyā'nūhya karmāptaṃ, vibhūtirapi darśane ।। 

[When the human incarnation appears as God Datta (the first energetic incarnation), the ultimate possessor of the dress is the unimaginable God. The shirt above Him is the first energetic incarnation and the coat above the shirt is the materialized human incarnation. Here, when God Datta (shirt) appears, the outermost human incarnation (coat) disappears due to the unimaginable power of unimaginable God. Even though, the three (unimaginable God, God Datta and external human form) are homogeneously mixed, only God Datta is exposed due to the unimaginable power of unimaginable God. Thus, even divine visions are involved with miraculous powers only.] 

  

12) Trimūrti lakṣaṇai rdattaḥ, jñāna prema vibhūtibhiḥ । 
Abhijñeyo Gurur bhaktaiḥ, jñānaṃ mukhyaṃ gatipradam।। 

[In any incarnation of God Datta, the three characteristics of God Brahmā, God Viṣṇu and God Śiva exist respectively by which the incarnation can be identified by devotees. The spiritual knowledge belongs to God Brahmā. The love and bliss shown to the devotees belongs to God Viṣṇu. The miraculous powers shown to the devotees belong to God Śiva. Out of these three identity marks, knowledge is very important because, it shows correct path to humanity.] 

  

13) Vibhūtayo hyacintyārthe, pratyakṣe sadasanmatiḥ । 
Tattvavit procyatāṃ vijño, Brahmā'trāto vibhūtikṛt ।। 

[The genuine miracles, which are unimaginable events performed by unimaginable God are the basic proof for the existence of unimaginable God called ParaBrahman. Since miracles are practical perceptions, which are the basis of science, spiritual knowledge can be called as spiritual science. Science means systematic sharp logical analysis in any subject and such a scholar is