called as scientist. By this, we shall not confine to certain subjects only calling them as sciences. A scholar in any subject doing critical analysis to find out truth and false separately is a scientist. Hence, God sees that genuine miracles are widely exhibited in this world even by demons since miracles prove the existence of unimaginable God to create fear in sinners.] 

  

14) Niṣpakṣapātāvatāraḥ, darśakaḥ pratipauruṣam । 
Hastabhramaṇaduścitraiḥ, nāstikāḥ parabādhakāḥ ।। 

[In every human generation, God Datta is coming as human incarnation and performing these unimaginable miracles to give proof of the unimaginable God. If one generation only is blessed with human incarnation, it becomes partiality of God since every human generation contains both good and bad people. Some atheists are showing falsely fabricated videos regarding the miracles involving movements of hands to deny all other types of miracles (not involving movements of hands) also without any direct proof like video for these other types of miracles.] 

  

15) Asādhyān sādhyamātreṇa, nirākartuṃ naṭanti te । 
Sājātyena vibhūtīnāṃ, vaijātyaṃ teṣu nocyate ।। 

[This can be explained with an example. Recently, Shri Satya Sai performed several types of miracles like curing several diseases by oral orders etc., including creating holy ash by moving the hand. Atheists created falsely fabricated video showing that the ash was created by keeping a tablet of ash between fingers and crushing it during movement of hand. With the help of this proof, they want to dismiss all other types of miracles also without showing such video proof for those other miracles. The reason is such false fabrication can’t be done in the case of other miracles like curing the diseases by oral order. Sri Satya Sai told a devoted patient that his cancer is cancelled and cancer was not found with the patient after that even on testing. This miracle can’t be disproved by a fabricated video-proof as can be done in the miracle of hand movement. The attempt of the atheists is illogical and misleading. The point here is that all miracles are not of one type only like miracles of hand movement. If all are of one type only, one miracle can disprove all other miracles. But, in the present context, there are two types of miracles: 1. Miracles of hand movement and 2. Miracles of curing disease by oral order. The atheist combines both these types of miracles as one type of miracles and by falsely disproving one miracle of first type, he is trying to disprove the second type of miracles also through an apparently true reason, which is that both these types of miracles are one type only in the sense that all are called generally as miracles. The actual point is that even in that miracle of hand movement, false fabrication was done since it is possible and in the second type of miracle, false fabrication is not possible. Due to this, the second type of miracle is not shown as false video due to impossibility. Neither the patient tells lie nor the doctor, who tested the patient since doctor cannot be influenced by the atheists! The final firm fact is that the patient lived for several years after this miracle without cancer, which is a practical proof of the basic truth!] 

  

16) Parāvibhūtayo bahvyo, yadekā kalpitā tvayā । 
Bahavo'nubhavā loke, khaṇḍanīyā na te bhramaiḥ ।। 

[If you see still the other types of miracles, there are as many as hundred types and in any type of such miracles creation by moving hand is not present. When you can’t disprove ninety-nine types of miracles and can disprove only one type of miracles involving hand movement, it is not justified to reject all ninety types of miracles based on one false miracle (the falsity of miracle is also claimed by you only) involving hand movement. In such case, it is inevitable to think that the miracle involving hand movement is also genuine and you have made false trick of graphic manipulation in that one specific type of miracle involving hand movement. Moreover, apart from all these types of miracles, several human beings praying God also narrate their true experiences of response of God through several miraculous ways. You cannot reject all these experiences of several devotees through your false graphic manipulation tricks.] 

  

17) Andhāgra vahnivad grāhyaṃ, nyūna śaṅkā vipadvidham । 
Āpat nivāraṇaṃ naikaṃ, lābhenā'pi pariṣkṛtam ।। 

[Even if you rigidly negate the existence of God, hell etc., since the supporting logic on your side is incomplete and inefficient as we see in the above explanations, at the maximum, you can come to the possibility of existence and non-existence of unimaginable God to 50-50 probability only. This means that at the maximum, you can say that God