Trailokya Gita: Chapter-1: Daiva Kartavyayogah (Association with Divine Duty) 

[Ms. Trailokya, a sincere devotee, asks Shri Datta Swami several questions with very sharp analysis. Swami, pleased with her sharpness of intelligence, gave her a title “Opposition Leader” representing the present generation having high IQ due to tremendous development of scientific logic. The answers given by Swami are composed as Sanskrit verses by Swami in this Trailokya Gītā, which means not only the message given to the questions of Ms. Trailokya, but also means the divine message given to the three worlds. The English translation is also given by Swami Himself.] 

Trailokyā Uvāca:- 

1) Dattasvāmin! Guru Svāmin!, Dattātreya narākṛte! । 
Kiṃ jīvitasya lakṣayaṃ naḥ?, kimetasya ca sādhanam? ।। 

[Ms. Trailokya asked:- O Dattaswami! O Lord of Spiritual Preachers! O Human incarnation of God Dattātreya! What is the ultimate goal of this human life of ours? What is also the path to attain such ultimate goal?] 


Dattasvāmī Uvāca:- 

2) Ānandaṃ māmajānanto, nityaṃ cintā parāyanāḥ । 
Ime manuṣyā dhāvanti, karmayantreṇa cūrṇitāḥ ।। 

[Shri Dattaswami spoke:- These human beings are always running in their lives filled with continuous worries, getting powdered by the mechanical worldly duties, without recognizing Me, the infinite bliss.] 

  

3) Gurava stattva mutsṛjya, mano vaidyāyitā ssadā । 
Bodhayanti manaśśāstraṃ, bādhā śāntyai vinauṣadham ।। 

[These spiritual preachers are leaving entirely the spiritual knowledge, which is about the details of divine personality of God. They have become pure professional psychiatrists preaching psychology involving the methods of temporary and superficial psychological cure to get momentary relief from mental stress attained from the punishments of sins without finding the root sin and its proper medicine.] 

  

4) Upāyadā ssvayaṃ vyaktā, Daivamūkā navāgatāḥ । 
Vijñā vijñārtha mandhatvāt, purāṇā daivikā iti ।। 

[These spiritual preachers keep silent about God as far as possible so that they project their personalities by giving the cure of stress. They feel that the ancient devotees were uneducated and ignorant by blindly becoming mad of God and feel that