Worship can be done in presence of God or away from God also. See, what is meditation? What is it? - doing prayers. We are doing prayers to God. He is not before our eyes. But still you are praying God. That is worship. Praying God is worship. And, Sangati Karana that is association, then next is physical association. That is in presence of God. Then ‘‘Dhaaneshu’’ - doing sacrifice. Yajna is sacrifice. Sacrificing your physical energy. In the name of Karma Sanyasa - service. Sacrifice of the fruit of your work that is “Karma Phala Tyaga”. Both these constitute Karma Yoga. So, this for worship, you need not, See, actually the physical presence of God is very much Essential to clarify the doubts. Clearing the doubts is the main purpose of the physical presence of God.   In those days, There were no online systems. No phone. Nothing like that. If you want to talk with God Krishna, you have to go to Dvaaraka and talk with Him. There is no phone. So therefore you cannot clear your doubts from God directly, If you are not physically near to God. But now, it is not there. Now online system is there, phones are there. So you can clear your doubts through the online system. This is worship. Actually Krishna told that He likes only the Jnaana, the spiritual knowledge. So, when you clarify your doubts, And when the answers are given the Yajna is done. Now, no need of away and far. You know, the screen also has come. Through the screen, you can see. You can talk. That olden day inconvenience is not there today. Especially today that problem will not come far and near that problem will not come. Okay. Okay mister surya? I think Surya asked this question. Is it all right?  Swami, only in the aspect of the Yajna means that taking or offering food to that point Swami.  Yajna means not only offering food, offering clothes, offering guru dakshina. All these come under Yajna. And also, Deva Puja that is doing worship - worship by prayers, worship by meditation. See, previously, you have to keep a statue of Krishna. Suppose you are away from Dwaraka, you have to keep a statue of Krishna. Statues were there in the olden days. Then you have to worship. Now it is not necessary, you can see directly on the screen. Sangati Karana - association. If you are very near to Him, you can have physical association - Sangati Karana. When online, You are seeing and talking with the sadhguru you have the same effect as if you are sitting near to Him. You are directly asking. See, when God comes as incarnation, there are four fortunes - Darshana Sparshana Sambhashana Sahavasa   So this, Darshana You can have by the electronic media equipment. Sparshana Of course, is not necessary, Sparshana means doing Sahastranga namaskaram. When you are doing namaskaram, you are touching His feet, that is Sparshana. Sambhashana - you are doing that through electronic instrument. Only the Sahavasa - Sahavasa is not aspired by all only few since He was in Brundavanam, Sahavasa was gained by Gopikas, they were also staying there. They were staying in the same city. So they can have sahavasa. They can stay together. Now and then visiting - frequently visiting. Yeah, so almost all those four Fortunes are accomplished. Today, even if one is far from the sadguru or the human incarnation of God. Please make a note that I am not telling that I am the human incarnation of God. I am telling only about the concept of a devotee and human incarnation of God. Human incarnation of God like Rama, Krishna, Adishankara, Ramanuja, Narasimha Saraswathi, Sri pada Vallabha so, I am speaking about Sadguru and devotee only. Otherwise Sathireddy will ask - “Swami you suppressed Bali previously. You came as Vamana and suppressed him. Then I told the Kerala government, so see in kerala, Bali has very good following. They like him very much. They worship Bali. If they come to know that I suppressed Bali, they will give a police report and they will proceed here to arrest me. So, don’t tell like that. I am telling only the concepts. To apply to me or not, that is a personal issue. It should not, be in several people. That personal aspect comes only some people - it differs. It is up to their choice. It is optional. But the concepts are mandatory. General Concepts.  Swami I have one question. In BhagavadGita it is told that -> swa-dharme nidhanaṁ śhreyaḥ  para-dharmo bhayāvahaḥ Well, how can distinguish between swadharma and paradharma?  See here, Dharma can be taken as, They say our religion, Hinduism people nowadays, speak it is “Sanatana Dharma”. They don't say it is Matam. Not. It is not a Matam. It is not a religion. It is only Dharma - way of living. So they have placed this word  Dharma as an alternative for the religion. Instead of Hindu Matam, they called it as Sanatana Dharma.  So when Krishna told “swa-dharme nidhanaṁ śhreyaḥ” means, if you are born as Hindu, be as a Hindu and die as a Hindu - “nidhanaṁ śhreyaḥ”. There's no need of changing the religion. You need not become a Christian, you need not become Muslim because all these religions are leading to the same God. See different religions were created and God came to different religions in different forms, the same God came in different forms and preached the same syllabus.   You see any religion the main syllabus contains three main items. One is God, another is heaven and another is hell. God, for Spiritual sight - for personal worship to get the grace of God. That is for Nivruthi. And for Pravrutti where Dharma is where Justice is to be protected and injustice to be condemned, for that Swarga and Naraka - Heaven and Hell. Heaven and Hell constitute Pravrutti, God constitutes Nivruthi. Of course God is also present in Pravrutti . He is in support of everything. Whole thing. But, especially He is very much concentrated in Nivruthi. That is why I am telling God for Nivruthi.   So, this Heaven, Hell, God - these three aspects are present in every religion except atheism. In atheism, they don't believe in God. So when They believe in good deed and bad deed, they also don't believe in heaven and hell. So there, atheist say that we will follow ethics, we will not do any injustice. For that there is no need of God. There is no need of force. I think he is a big Angel. No need.  Without fear from God, he controls himself. And he will not do any Injustice. There's no fear of Injustice because there is no hell. So why he will not do Injustice? It is only public speech. He is deceiving the public. So that the public will have good impression about him. So that even if it does a sin secretly, if it comes out, then public will not respond or react so much. To escape the public reaction, he is telling I will do justice only. I will not entertain Injustice. It is hypocrisy. If you are not doing Injustice, and if you are doing justice only, What is the harm in accepting the existence of Heaven and Hell? you are a very liberal very evolved person. So without heaven and hell you are doing Justice and not doing Injustice, but what about other people who are below your standard? They need some threat - some fear. So heaven and hell, God -  that fear, let it be there for ordinary people. For you it may not be necessary. So it is all hypocrisy. They do Injustice secretly and if it comes out, then courts, police, etc will come. So therefore they will do injustice secretly, fearing for the government. For the law. Law of the country, they fear - only that.  Therefore, Swadharma means your religion. It can be told as your religion. Because every religion contains these three things only. So, Swadharma means your religion there is no need of changing your religion. You, you are born as Hindu in Hindu religion, you die as a Hindu. Don't change into other religion because there is no need. It is a waste of time, because everywhere the same God is present in different forms. Everywhere Heaven, is there. If you do good deeds, rewards are given through Heaven. If you do bad deeds, punishments are given through hell.  So everything is same. Setup is same. Infrastructure is same in every religion. So, there is no need of changing the religion. Of course, there may be some defects and some merits. Defects are present in every religion. Some type of defects may be in Hinduism, some other types of defects may be in other religion or sometimes same defects also may be present there. So, avoid the defects of the religion by your sharp analysis. In any religion, you will face merits and defects. Defects are introduced in the religion through bad followers of that religion. And Merits are introduced into religion by the establisher of that religion and good followers of that religion. Everywhere in every religion, both merits and defects, are there. You have to filter the defects and follow the merits. And if you filter all the defects of every religion, the residue left over is only merits and you will find complete unity in all religions. If defects are removed, merit is one and the same. There is God. Fear for God. Don't do sin. Always do justice, then you will go to heaven. If you personally worship God, you will go to the abode of God. That is Nivruthi. These are present everywhere in every religion.   So therefore there the sloka -  swa-dharme nidhanaṁ śhreyaḥ   means, if you are born in a religion, you die in that same religion, there is no need of changing the religion.   para-dharmo bhayāvahaḥ  If you change the religion, it gives you fear. Because you cannot adjust. See when you are born in a particular religion from the beginning, you can easily adjust in that religion. When you change to other religion, you can not naturally adjust. Adjustment is very difficult. Just like when the daughter-in-law goes to father-in-law’s house, she has to adjust. Some inconvenience will be there in the beginning. Ofcourse for some days they will treat you well but afterwards, they show you the colors. Then there will be some inconvenience. So, therefore “bhayāvahaḥ” means there will be some inconvenience. Since you are born in this religion, you can naturally adjust. Adjustment is very natural. So, if you are born in a religion, die in that religion. Don't change into other religion. That is the meaning of that verse.