Worship can be done in presence of God or away from God also. See what is meditation? What is doing prayers? We are doing prayers to God, He is not before our eyes, but still you are praying God. That is worship. God is worship. And Sangatkarana, that is association. Then next is association, physical association, that is in presence of God. That is Sangatkarana, Dhaneshw. Then by doing sacrifice, a Jnana is sacrifice. In the name of Karma Sanyasa, service, sacrifice is the fruit of your work. That is Karma Parachyaka. Both these constitute Karma Yoga. So this worship, you need not... See actually the physical presence of God is very much essential to clarify the doubts. Clearing the doubts is the main purpose of the physical presence of God. In those days there were no these systems, online systems, no phone, nothing like that. If you want to talk with God Krishna, you have to go to Dwaraka and talk with Him. There was no phone. So therefore you cannot clear your doubts from God directly if you are not physically near to God. But now it is not there. Now online system is there, so many phones are there or there. So you can clear your doubts through the online system. This is worship. Actually Krishna told that he likes only the Jnana, the spiritual knowledge. So when you clarify your doubts and when the answers are given, the Jnana is done. Now there is no need of away and far. You know the screen also has come. Through screen you can see, you can talk. That olden day inconvenience is not there today. That problem will not come, far and near. That problem will not come. Okay? Okay Mr. Surya? Surya asked this question. Hello Swami. Okay, is it alright? Swami, only the aspect of that enjamb is taking or the offering of the Jnana, the Jnana is not only offering, offering food, offering cloths, offering Guru Darshanas, all these come under Yajna. And also Deva Puja, that is Deva Puja, that is doing worship. Worship by prayers, worship by meditation. Previously you have to keep a statue of Krishna. Suppose you are away from Dvaraka, you have to keep a statue of Krishna. Statues were there in the olden days. Then you have to worship. Now it is not necessary, you can see directly on the screen. Sangatkarana, association. You can either, if you are very near to him, you can have physical association. Sangatkarana. Online, when online you are seeing and talking with the sagguru, you have the same effect. As if you are near, you are sitting near to him. You are directly asking, you are directly, see when God comes as incarnation, there are four fortunes. That is Darshanas, Parishanas, Sambhasanas, Sahavasas. So this Darshanas you can have by the electronic media equipment. Parishana of course is not necessary as Parishana, means doing Sastana Namaskaram. Even you are doing Namaskaram, you are touching his feet. That is Parishana. So Darshanas, Parishanas, Sambhasana, you are doing that through electronic instrument. Only Sahavasas. Sahavasas is not aspired by all. Only few, since he was in Burundavanam, Sahavasas was gained by Gopikas. They were also staying there. They were staying in the same city. So they can have Sahavasas. They can stay together. They are frequently visiting. So almost all those four fortunes are accomplished today. Even if one is far from the Sadguru or the human incarnation of God. Please make a note that I am not telling that I am the human incarnation of God. I am telling only about the concept of a devotee and human incarnation of God. Human incarnation of God like Rama, Krishna, Adi Shankara, Ramamjaya, Narasimha Saraswati, Sri Pada Vallabha. So I am speaking about the Sadguru and the devotee only. Otherwise Satyarendi will ask, Swami, you suppressed Bali, Triviyatri, you came as Vamana and suppressed him. Then I told the Kerala government, you see in Kerala Bali has very good following. They like him very much in Kerala. They worship Bali. So if you say that, if they come to know that I have pressed Bali, they will give a police report and they will proceed here to arrest me. So don't tell like that. I am telling only the concepts. To apply to me or not that is a personal issue. It should not be in several people. That personal aspect comes only some people. It differs. It is up to their choice. It is optional. But the concepts are mandatory. General concepts. Yes. Swami, I have a question. Swami, in Bhagavad Gita it is told that swadharma, nidramasriya, paradharma, bhaya bhava. How can we distinguish between swadharma and paradharma? See here swadharma, dharma can be taken. They say our religion Hinduism, people nowadays speak it is sanatana dharma. They don't say it is matam. It is not a matam. It is not a religion. It is only dharma, way of living. So they have placed this word dharma as an alternative for the religion. Hinduism instead of Hindu matam, they call it as sanatana dharma. So when Krishna told swadharma, nidramasriya, means if you are born as Hindu, be as a Hindu and die nidramasriya, die as a Hindu. There is no need of changing the religion. You did not become a Christian, you did not become Muslim. Because all these religions are leading to same God. So different religions were created and God came to different religions in different forms. The same God came in different forms and preached the same syllabus. You see any religion the main syllabus contains three main items. One is God, another is heaven, another is hell. God for spiritual side, for personal worship, to get the grace of God. That is for nivrutti. And for pravrutti where dharma, justice is to be protected and injustice to be condemned, for that swaga and naraka, heaven and hell are. Heaven and hell constitute pravrutti. God constitutes nivrutti. Of course God is also present in pravrutti. He is the support of everything, whole thing. But especially He is very much concentrated in nivrutti. That is why I am telling God for nivrutti. So this heaven, hell, God, these three aspects are present in every religion except atheism. In atheism they don't believe in God. So when they believe in good deed and bad deed, they also don't believe in heaven and hell. So there atheists say that we will follow ethics, we will not do any injustice. For that there is no need of God, there is no need of force. I think he is a big angel, no need of... Without fear from God, he controls himself and he will not do any injustice. There is no fear of injustice because there is no hell. So why he will not do injustice? It is only public speech. He is deceiving the public so that the public will have good impression about him. So that even if he doesn't sin secretly, if it comes out, then public will not so much respond, react. To escape the public reaction, he is telling I will do justice only. I will not entertain injustice. It is hypocrisy. If you are not doing injustice and if you are doing justice only, what is the harm in accepting the existence of heaven and hell? You are a very liberal, very evolved person. So without heaven and hell you are doing justice and not doing injustice. But what about other people who are below your standard? They need some threats, some fear. So heaven and hell, God, let fear, let it be there for ordinary people. For you it may not be necessary. So it is all hypocrisy. They do injustice secretly and if it comes out, then courts, police and etc. will come. So therefore they will do injustice secretly fearing for the government, for the law, for the law of the country. They fear only that. And therefore swadharma, swadharma means your religion. It can be told as your religion because every religion contains these three things only. So swadharma means your religion. There is no need of changing your religion. You are born as a Hindu, you are born in Hindu religion. If you die as a Hindu, don't change into other religion because there is no need. It is a waste of time. Because everywhere the same God is present in different forms. Everywhere heaven is there. If you do good deeds, rewards are given through heaven. If you do bad deeds, punishments are given through hell. So everything is same. Set up is same. Infrastructure is same in every religion. So there is no need of changing your religion. Of course there may be some defects and some merits. Some defects are present in every religion. Some type of defects may be in Hinduism, some other types of defects may be in other religion. Or sometimes same defects also may be present there. So avoid the defects of religion by your sharp analysis. In any religion you will face merits and defects. Defects are introduced in the religion through bad followers of that religion. And merits are introduced into a religion by the establishment of that religion and good followers of that religion. Everywhere, in every religion both merits and defects are there. You have to filter the defects and follow the merits. And if you filter all the defects of every religion, the residue left over is only merits. And you will find complete unity in all religions. If defects are removed, merit is one and the same. There is God, fear for God, don't do sin, always do justice. Then you will go to heaven. If you personally worship God, you will go to the abode of God. That is new thing. These are present everywhere, in every religion. So therefore there the shloka means, swatharme nidharam nidharam sreyaha. If you are born in a religion, you die in that same religion. There is no need of changing the religion. Paradhamo bhaya vaha. If you change the religion, it gives you fear. Because you cannot adjust. See, when you are born in particular religion from the beginning, you can easily adjust in that religion. When you change to other religion, you cannot easily naturally adjust. Adjustment is very difficult. Just like when the daughter-in-law goes to father-in-law's house, she has to adjust. Some inconvenience will be there in the beginning. Of course for some days they will treat you well, but afterwards they show their color. Then there will be some inconvenience. So therefore, bhaya vaha means there will be some inconvenience. Since you are born in this religion, you can naturally adjust. Adjustment is very natural. So if you are born in a religion, die in that religion, don't change into other religion. That is the meaning of that verse. 