very secret. It is not a public topic. Because, if I take somebody's sin, punishment, and undergo the punishment, it is based on my love towards that devotee. How you can snatch that? Due to my love, I am undergoing the punishment. Is it justified for you to ask a share from it? Somebodies gave me a Paayasam due to love. I am eating. You are asking share from it. 


he has more love on You…..


he has more love on Me, then you become more real devotee, you improve your devotion, to become more and more real devotee, so that I can also take that Paayasam from you also. Giving Paayasam is your duty, eating Paayasam is My duty. So, more over, that is a very secret topic. That is generally not opened. Rama, Krishna also, They also underwent those thing, but never that aspect was opened. Only Dattavataara’s that Shiridi Sai Baba and all these Avataara’s only that topic was opened. Otherwise it is a secret topic because, If I undergo this punishment of the sin of my real devotee and make him know that I have undergone the punishment of the devotee of/ punishment of that devotee, it is not real love. Advertisement should not be in that. Secretly it should be..then he will become grateful to me. That is again business devotion. Is it not? So, it is without…very top secret. It is highly secret. The devotee whom I love, I will take the pain, the punishment. All are not of that status. All are not real devotees also. Some people for solutions of their worldly problems they come to God. Is it not? So, that should not be exposed. That should not be advertised. That should not be made public. It’s sanctity will be lost and this aspect, is made public by Me also, several times, only to..you see I took the responsibility of propagating the true and complete spiritual knowledge. This also is one aspect of that knowledge. If I hide this aspect, it is not complete spiritual knowledge. One aspect is hidden. So, for the sake of complete spiritual knowledge, this has to be exposed. Whenever such suffering was done, I gave proof also. Several proofs, in Mahima Yamunaa, you can find. That is to solely, personality of God. The love of God. See, God has three aspects - knowledge, love, and miraculous power. Three. knowledge from God Bramha, love from God Vishnu, miraculous powers from God Shiva. These three are very fundamental essential things of a Human Incarnation of God Datta. So, this is only to show that aspect, God, Incarnation has the love for devotees and really, the love for devotees of God is very pure. Because, the love of a human being for another human being, is not true. In Brihadaranyaka Upanishad, it is told by Yajnavalkya, the wife loves her husband, not for his happiness but for her happiness. The husband loves her wife not for her happiness but for his happiness. The father loves his son so that this fellow will serve me in the old age - for his happiness. The son loves his father - he will give some property to me. Everywhere all these worldly bonds are selfish. There is no sacrifice. All are selfish. All worldly bonds. Except God. Because God has no need to derive happiness from you. 

Apta kāmasya kā spruhā

All His desires were fulfilled. He doesn’t have any desire. Then what is the need of anybody to get happiness from him? So when God loves the devotee, that love alone is without selfishness. There is no selfishness. If He loves, He is not loving for His happiness. He is loving for his happiness - devotees happiness only. To uplift him. So, only God’s love is without selfishness. All other worldly loves are selfish, covered by illusion. Sweet honey capsule. Thats all. But inner truth is every worldly bond is selfish love. 

Ātmanastu kāmāya sarvam priyam bhavati

Only for selfish happiness, these worldly bonds are loving you. That is truth. If you are giving, instead of giving happiness to the wife, if you are giving torture, she will run away. “No No. I will stay here only, I want your happiness. Suppose by giving torture to me, you are happy, my love is only for your happiness, not for my happiness, let me stay here itself..” will she stay? She will not stay. Is it not? so, God’s love alone is pure. Real. True. All other loves, worldly loves, are fraud - are false. 

Yāvad vittopārjana-saktah Tāvan nija parivāro raktah

As long as you earn, your people will cling to you. 

Gatavati vāyau prāṇa-pāye Bhāryā bibhyati tasmin kāye

When the life goes out and when your body gets decayed, giving smell, even the wife will not come near that. That’s what He told -  Bhajagovindam. ‘Gatavati vāyau prāṇa-pāye Bhāryā bibhyati tasmin kāye’. But God comes to you. God comes to the dead body. So that is.


Thankyou Swami. Swami, one more question Swami. Swami, Shiva in His Tamasic state, destroys both good and bad at the time of Mahaapralaya. So, what is destruction of good and bad here Swami?

You see, good means, suppose there is a good forest, good flower. Suppose there is some bad stone. He destroys both. “Ohh, this flower is good. Let me destroy everything except this flower” He won’t say like that. Sarva, mottam, all world is destroyed without any discrimination between good and bad. “This is bad mud, let me destroy this. This is a very good flower, let me keep it”. No. He will destroy both. So, for that, discrimination, lack of….discrimination must not be there. When discrimination will be absent? When ignorance is there, discrimination will be absent. Ignorance is Tamas. So, He is made of Tamas. For that purpose, for that purpose this quality is taken. What is Vishnu? He is ruling. He must have knowledge. Information of every thing, every item, every aspect - a Judge. He must have knowledge. So, for the sake of purpose, the quality is taken. And moreover Tamas has a very good side also. You see, I told every quality, if you turn it to good side, it is good quality. If you turn it to bad side, it is bad quality. Even good quality has bad phase, and even bad quality has good phase. Anger. Bad quality. But when you show anger on student, who is indisciplined, for his welfare, is that anger bad quality? It is a good quality there. If you show anger on a good person, that is bad quality. Is it not? So, if you support…you see helping anybody is good. If you support a bad fellow, is it a good quality? But helping is good quality. 
Paropakāraḥ puṇyāya Pāpāya para-pīḍanam
Helping anybody is Punya, good, merit and troubling anybody is sin. If you trouble a bad fellow, is it sin? No. 

paritrāṇāya sādhūnāṁ vināśāya ca duṣkṛtām

He told. 

One Christian person asked me, You see, Your Krishna told

paritrāṇāya sādhūnāṁ vināśāya ca duṣkṛtām

But our Jesus told, love everybody. No question of punishment. See, full love. Then I asked him, “Then why in your Bible, that liquid fire is mentioned?”. Liquid fire, they say - 

“purugu chaavadu, nippu aaradu”.  

purugu chaavadu - this fellow will not die, that fire will not extinguish. Fire will not be stopped. Continuous Citrahiṁsā. Full, life long Citrahiṁsā. Is it love? Yes. It is love. It is also love I told. Because His aim is to change the quality of that soul and make him good. I told somewhere in the knowledge, hell is the best example for His love. See, your own child, got some fever, you want that fever should go quickly, you are taking him to the doctor for injection. He cries. Is it your vengeance? Is it your anger on the child? It is love on your child. If I give tablet, it will take some more long time to cure the fever. Now by this injection, by evening he will come to normal. That is only your love. Your extreme love is injection. Your weak love is tablets